URL: https://www.fargowiz.com
Fargowiz |Transform your Ideas into Reality menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Transform your Ideas into Reality Request Quote Download Brochure Watch Video Services we provide WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT MOBILE APP DEVELOPMENT AI & MACHINE LEARNING CLOUD & PLATFORM GRAPHICS DESIGN About FargoWiz FargoWiz Ltd is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and development platforms. Our resources are skilled in modern technology stacks and platforms. Our mission is to act as a technical enabler and software development partner for companies looking to build state of the art solutions in the market. View More Customer Projects Our Recent Software Development Projects Food Service Reviews provides a review and rating web platform where employees can submit their useful feedback to the restaurant employers, to share their work experiences. See More Damon’s Brave New World is an online Space Quiz mobile application, which encourages the participants to take the Space Quiz and gain relevant knowledge out of it. See More Textme.Bet is a custom social betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends or knowns. It’s the ultimate friend versus friend betting app and is purely for fun. No real money is transferred through Textme.bet application. It engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. See More “Real or Not” by Authenticate Pro offers a simple and innovative product authentication process by hiring authorized experts to test the authenticity of products. Targeted towards the e-commerce and mortar retail domain, “Real or Not” prevent buyers from investing in counterfeit products and thereby allowing honest sellers to stand out in the marketplace. See More Student Pro Connect is a social networking platform where students, industry professionals, and entrepreneurs can connect, explore the network, and share their insights and experiences. See More Undefeated.live is a free-to-play fan engagement prediction game. It is an in-game prediction platform that engages the user during live games. By having the user answer 11 predictions during a game for the chance to win free cash and prizes. Live game prediction contest for the NFL, NBA, NHL, PGA, and many other sports leagues. See More Simdash launcher is a desktop application created to distribute and update windows builds of the Simdash VR Apps. Users can access a list of available apps and manage multiple apps through the SimDash Launcher app. See More Cloudsy is a comprehensive loan application portal where loan application were processed and applied. We've created an intuitive sequence of UI screens to guide borrowers seamlessly through verifying their zip code, sharing loan information, inputting personal and contact details, providing address and financial information, and navigating essential steps like social security input and agreement acceptance. See More “Brand Event” is a product of Epeius Consulting, a firm that offers an easy solution to order and sell interactive ad spaces at different locations. Brand Event is a patent-pending e-commerce platform, developed specifically for exclusive property event branding, providing consumers with a location visualization and brand decal details, while being optimized for desktop and mobile environments See More Simdash is a learner analytics web application for medical educators who want to track and assess student performance through virtual simulations and training exercises. The Platform utilizes dashboards, graphs, and tables to show the assessment results on the portal. See More SportsTech Match is on a mission to connect sport with technology to drive innovation. They help sports executives working in both the business and performance side of the sport to find and acquire the right digital technology solutions to solve their problems. See More Kids Meeting Kids, is a web portal focused on setting up play dates for children. It is a platform where we encourage parents to expand their child's friendship circle and coordinate able-bodied and disabled children to form meaningful friendships. See More Savv signage offers a digital signage platform to upload, develop, and broadcast marketing and advertising content. The platform offers custom templates and editors to create custom template designs. See More Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant is a company owned by doctors who specialise in sleep disorder treatments like insomnia, parasomnia, restless leg syndrome, narcolepsy, night terrors, and jet lag. Somnology AI Assistant helps the user diagnose their sleep issues by following up on a series of questions and providing end reports with diagnostic data and their curation. See More PRS prioritizes supplying personal protective equipment to those in need in the amount that they need it— particularly those serving on our medical frontline. See More Speech QnA Assistant is idea of an individual to create a platform with speech-to-text and speech recognition technology to allow people to interact verbally to store people feedbacks and response. See More Special Security Services has been providing experienced and highly qualified armed and unarmed security guards in California for over 20 years. See More Deep Aspect is a US-based technology startup with a vision to create an AI-Powered Platform that serves people to deal with qualitative video data and utilize in-built tools to gather video transcription and process those data while trying to find valuable insights. See More With the online facility available, doctor consultations have become easier, which can help the user get the right health care at the right time, with the help of 'Find Your Doctor'. See More Baby Pro is an online newborn feeding, sleeping, and parenting consultancy web portal. It connects the parents of a newborn with a pediatrician or a nurse, who guides and helps the parents through the challenges of these first stages. See More Home Repair Business Foundation Repair is the most trusted name when it comes to foundation repair services in Corsicana, Texas. Right from thorough foundation inspection to services like foundation leveling, piering, basement waterproofing, soil modification- they do it all. See More She Fashion is a personal boutique and eCommerce platform to shop or choose various trending collection for women wear. See More Allagi is focused on helping small and mid-sized consumer businesses. Allagi is a platform where clients can develop, transit or transform their planning, financial management, business processes and enterprise systems. See More Election Trends App is designed to show popularity of the candidates and parties. It is focused on Bihar State elections in India. It provides voters to see Election Trends for any Bihar Constituency and support their candidates to make them popular. See More Medical Practice is built with simplicity for great user experience and designed with clean interface to provide patients with maximum information. See More Nepali with Nisha helps you learn and pronounce the Nepali language in an easy and enjoyable manner. It has a virtual mentor that helps in practicing pronunciation and pic to words to visualize & learn Nepali words. See More Don’t Wait Movie is a documentary about healing power of comedy. It’s a story of a terminally ill man “Michael Schmid” and a stand up comedian “Lisa Alvarado” form an unlikely friendship to help him fulfill his dying wish… going out on a laugh. See More GOOGOL IT is created with a simplistic design to provide a great user experience. The website shows their expertise in the financial, automotive, medical, and other industries. See More KnightAuthor is a website for Kids friendly reading and writing. The author loves and enjoy writing Fiction. Kids can also find other genres like mystery, Historical, and more. It is a collection of Stories, Comics, Poems, and Recipes – Written for Kids! See More CogniAIm is a website designed and built for a company focused on delivering business value through Artificial Intelligence. See More Vaping Texas is designed to raise awareness of the public health crisis that is teen vaping and e-cigarette usage, focusing on data and statistics in the state of Texas. You can learn about the effects of e-cigarette usage and the severity of the issue, as well as local and national coverage. See More Food Service Reviews provides a review and rating web platform where employees can submit their useful feedback to the restaurant employers, to share their work experiences. See More Damon’s Brave New World is an online Space Quiz mobile application, which encourages the participants to take the Space Quiz and gain relevant knowledge out of it. See More Textme.Bet is a custom social betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends or knowns. It’s the ultimate friend versus friend betting app and is purely for fun. No real money is transferred through Textme.bet application. It engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. See More “Real or Not” by Authenticate Pro offers a simple and innovative product authentication process by hiring authorized experts to test the authenticity of products. Targeted towards the e-commerce and mortar retail domain, “Real or Not” prevent buyers from investing in counterfeit products and thereby allowing honest sellers to stand out in the marketplace. See More Student Pro Connect is a social networking platform where students, industry professionals, and entrepreneurs can connect, explore the network, and share their insights and experiences. See More Undefeated.live is a free-to-play fan engagement prediction game. It is an in-game prediction platform that engages the user during live games. By having the user answer 11 predictions during a game for the chance to win free cash and prizes. Live game prediction contest for the NFL, NBA, NHL, PGA, and many other sports leagues. See More Simdash launcher is a desktop application created to distribute and update windows builds of the Simdash VR Apps. Users can access a list of available apps and manage multiple apps through the SimDash Launcher app. See More Cloudsy is a comprehensive loan application portal where loan application were processed and applied. We've created an intuitive sequence of UI screens to guide borrowers seamlessly through verifying their zip code, sharing loan information, inputting personal and contact details, providing address and financial information, and navigating essential steps like social security input and agreement acceptance. See More “Brand Event” is a product of Epeius Consulting, a firm that offers an easy solution to order and sell interactive ad spaces at different locations. Brand Event is a patent-pending e-commerce platform, developed specifically for exclusive property event branding, providing consumers with a location visualization and brand decal details, while being optimized for desktop and mobile environments See More Simdash is a learner analytics web application for medical educators who want to track and assess student performance through virtual simulations and training exercises. The Platform utilizes dashboards, graphs, and tables to show the assessment results on the portal. See More SportsTech Match is on a mission to connect sport with technology to drive innovation. They help sports executives working in both the business and performance side of the sport to find and acquire the right digital technology solutions to solve their problems. See More Kids Meeting Kids, is a web portal focused on setting up play dates for children. It is a platform where we encourage parents to expand their child's friendship circle and coordinate able-bodied and disabled children to form meaningful friendships. See More Savv signage offers a digital signage platform to upload, develop, and broadcast marketing and advertising content. The platform offers custom templates and editors to create custom template designs. See More Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant is a company owned by doctors who specialise in sleep disorder treatments like insomnia, parasomnia, restless leg syndrome, narcolepsy, night terrors, and jet lag. Somnology AI Assistant helps the user diagnose their sleep issues by following up on a series of questions and providing end reports with diagnostic data and their curation. See More PRS prioritizes supplying personal protective equipment to those in need in the amount that they need it— particularly those serving on our medical frontline. See More Speech QnA Assistant is idea of an individual to create a platform with speech-to-text and speech recognition technology to allow people to interact verbally to store people feedbacks and response. See More Special Security Services has been providing experienced and highly qualified armed and unarmed security guards in California for over 20 years. See More Deep Aspect is a US-based technology startup with a vision to create an AI-Powered Platform that serves people to deal with qualitative video data and utilize in-built tools to gather video transcription and process those data while trying to find valuable insights. See More With the online facility available, doctor consultations have become easier, which can help the user get the right health care at the right time, with the help of 'Find Your Doctor'. See More Baby Pro is an online newborn feeding, sleeping, and parenting consultancy web portal. It connects the parents of a newborn with a pediatrician or a nurse, who guides and helps the parents through the challenges of these first stages. See More Home Repair Business Foundation Repair is the most trusted name when it comes to foundation repair services in Corsicana, Texas. Right from thorough foundation inspection to services like foundation leveling, piering, basement waterproofing, soil modification- they do it all. See More She Fashion is a personal boutique and eCommerce platform to shop or choose various trending collection for women wear. See More Allagi is focused on helping small and mid-sized consumer businesses. Allagi is a platform where clients can develop, transit or transform their planning, financial management, business processes and enterprise systems. See More Election Trends App is designed to show popularity of the candidates and parties. It is focused on Bihar State elections in India. It provides voters to see Election Trends for any Bihar Constituency and support their candidates to make them popular. See More Medical Practice is built with simplicity for great user experience and designed with clean interface to provide patients with maximum information. See More Nepali with Nisha helps you learn and pronounce the Nepali language in an easy and enjoyable manner. It has a virtual mentor that helps in practicing pronunciation and pic to words to visualize & learn Nepali words. See More Don’t Wait Movie is a documentary about healing power of comedy. It’s a story of a terminally ill man “Michael Schmid” and a stand up comedian “Lisa Alvarado” form an unlikely friendship to help him fulfill his dying wish… going out on a laugh. See More GOOGOL IT is created with a simplistic design to provide a great user experience. The website shows their expertise in the financial, automotive, medical, and other industries. See More KnightAuthor is a website for Kids friendly reading and writing. The author loves and enjoy writing Fiction. Kids can also find other genres like mystery, Historical, and more. It is a collection of Stories, Comics, Poems, and Recipes – Written for Kids! See More CogniAIm is a website designed and built for a company focused on delivering business value through Artificial Intelligence. See More Vaping Texas is designed to raise awareness of the public health crisis that is teen vaping and e-cigarette usage, focusing on data and statistics in the state of Texas. You can learn about the effects of e-cigarette usage and the severity of the issue, as well as local and national coverage. See More Food Service Reviews provides a review and rating web platform where employees can submit their useful feedback to the restaurant employers, to share their work experiences. See More Damon’s Brave New World is an online Space Quiz mobile application, which encourages the participants to take the Space Quiz and gain relevant knowledge out of it. See More Textme.Bet is a custom social betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends or knowns. It’s the ultimate friend versus friend betting app and is purely for fun. No real money is transferred through Textme.bet application. It engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. See More More Projects Customer Testimonials FargoWiz has an exceptional full-stack and AI expertise. They completed my project on time with high-quality work. They are very good communicators. They can explain things clearly to you and keep you on the same page. FargoWiz is one of the best Web & AI development companies you can hire. I'm already starting my next project with them. John Liu CEO & Founder - Deep Aspect A wonderful company to work with! FargoWiz prepared an expert website with features that went above and beyond what I asked for, and what's more, they finished it almost a week early! They were super communicative throughout the process and quick to incorporate feedback and requests. FargoWiz is also super friendly and supportive of ideas and wants you to succeed! Matthew Miller CEO & Founder - Stars Academy "I posted about my vision, what assets I had and what I was looking to accomplish.  I explained I was not without resources but was a startup with limited funds. FargoWiz answered my call and proved to be an awesome partner.  They have helped me on an as needed basis to bring my ideas to reality.  They have proven to be patient, kind, knowledgeable, talented, efficient and beyond effective.    If you are looking for a partner to help you grow your business, I encourage you to give FargoWiz a try.  You will not be disappointed and your company will be better for it." Steve Peterson CEO & Founder - Bursting Through FargoWiz did an amazing job creating both my website and app. They submitted all of the work ahead of schedule and made the entire process so easy. Their communication was top-notch. FargoWiz was truly a pleasure to work with. I look forward to working with FargoWiz on future projects. Fabienne Cadet CEO & Founder - StudentProConnect FargoWiz has an exceptional full-stack and AI expertise. They completed my project on time with high-quality work. They are very good communicators. They can explain things clearly to you and keep you on the same page. FargoWiz is one of the best Web & AI development companies you can hire. I'm already starting my next project with them. John Liu CEO & Founder - Deep Aspect A wonderful company to work with! FargoWiz prepared an expert website with features that went above and beyond what I asked for, and what's more, they finished it almost a week early! They were super communicative throughout the process and quick to incorporate feedback and requests. FargoWiz is also super friendly and supportive of ideas and wants you to succeed! Matthew Miller CEO & Founder - Stars Academy "I posted about my vision, what assets I had and what I was looking to accomplish.  I explained I was not without resources but was a startup with limited funds. FargoWiz answered my call and proved to be an awesome partner.  They have helped me on an as needed basis to bring my ideas to reality.  They have proven to be patient, kind, knowledgeable, talented, efficient and beyond effective.    If you are looking for a partner to help you grow your business, I encourage you to give FargoWiz a try.  You will not be disappointed and your company will be better for it." Steve Peterson CEO & Founder - Bursting Through FargoWiz did an amazing job creating both my website and app. They submitted all of the work ahead of schedule and made the entire process so easy. Their communication was top-notch. FargoWiz was truly a pleasure to work with. I look forward to working with FargoWiz on future projects. Fabienne Cadet CEO & Founder - StudentProConnect FargoWiz has an exceptional full-stack and AI expertise. They completed my project on time with high-quality work. They are very good communicators. They can explain things clearly to you and keep you on the same page. FargoWiz is one of the best Web & AI development companies you can hire. I'm already starting my next project with them. John Liu CEO & Founder - Deep Aspect A wonderful company to work with! FargoWiz prepared an expert website with features that went above and beyond what I asked for, and what's more, they finished it almost a week early! They were super communicative throughout the process and quick to incorporate feedback and requests. FargoWiz is also super friendly and supportive of ideas and wants you to succeed! Matthew Miller CEO & Founder - Stars Academy "I posted about my vision, what assets I had and what I was looking to accomplish.  I explained I was not without resources but was a startup with limited funds. FargoWiz answered my call and proved to be an awesome partner.  They have helped me on an as needed basis to bring my ideas to reality.  They have proven to be patient, kind, knowledgeable, talented, efficient and beyond effective.    If you are looking for a partner to help you grow your business, I encourage you to give FargoWiz a try.  You will not be disappointed and your company will be better for it." Steve Peterson CEO & Founder - Bursting Through Trusted By Transform your Ideas into Reality Name * Name * Email * Email * Service Area ​ Service Area Phone Number Phone Number Project Description Project Description Send FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/special-security-services
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App Business Use Case “Special Security Services” has been providing experienced and highly qualified armed and unarmed security guards in California for over 20 years. This platform offers the quickest and most dependable way to book security services for various use cases. Special Security Service offers guards for services like- crowd control, vehicle patrol, parking control, fire watch, corporate and home security and many other services that can be provided at an affordable price and at a time slot of your choice. https://www.specialsecurityservices.com 5 Weeks Technologies Used React Redux Node MySQL Platform AWS ( Amazon Cloud ) Features Services Booking System Stripe Payment Gateway Live Chatbot Integration Profile Creation User-Friendly Interface Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/predictive-analytics
FargoWiz | Predictive Analysis menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Predictive Analytics What Do We Offer Predictive Analytics uses machine learning and statistical models to analyze historical data, and generate predictive trends and behavioral patterns from it. We use a variety of data mining and machine learning techniques to create and enhance data prediction models, to predict relevant patterns from your business data. We utilize state of the art machine learning models and techniques, like Natural Language Understanding, Deep Learning, Neural Networks, and other Artificial Intelligence techniques, to better predict the business outcomes. Our time-series based predictive analytics provides your business an idea of the progress with respect to data and time. We provide dashboards to showcase the data  in a visual manner. This allows your business decision makers to visualize the predictions, further helping them make important business decisions. How will this help your Business? Our data predictions can help companies strategize efficiently through a better understanding of their data. Predictive Analytics helps various fields such as data science, marketing, business intelligence, healthcare, and social networking. It can be used for a variety of business functions including sales and marketing, where prediction can help improve a product or service, or can help make smarter decisions to grow your business. Such wide application of predictive analytics is making it all the rage in the artificial intelligence domain. For example, our team utilized Predictive Analytics to predict the COVID-19 impact in various countries and cities, including Texas, New York states in USA, and country-wide prediction for India. Predictive analytics played a major role in public awareness and determining action points for health care providers. Our Engagement Model We follow an efficient engagement model to maximize the usefulness of our expertise for your business. First, we gather your business requirements and gather business data. Our Machine Learning engineers then perform data cleaning to retain useful data. To structure your data, we preprocess the data as per our requirements. We then use a dependency graph to extract important features from this data. We then perform the trio of train, test and predict relevant outcomes from your data, using appropriate tools, variables, and reliable data sets. These results are thoroughly analyzed and passed to our visualization dashboard. We customize the predictive analytics dashboard to ensure that it can be consumed by business users to make the relevant decisions. We ensure customer satisfaction to help your business save its time and resources in the predictive analytics domain. Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/ai-machine-learning
FargoWiz | AI & ML menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact AI & Machine Learning What Do We Offer We deliver AI (Artificial Intelligence) and ML (Machine Learning) solutions and services to solve your business problems. We offer services catered to your business needs utilizing a variety of tools, techniques, algorithms, and technologies. Services AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics NLP Image Recognition Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Delivery Methodology Our team of experts understand that every business comes with a unique requirement. Our Agile Delivery Methodology covers the whole lifecycle for the projects. We discuss your Business Vision and capture your requirements through discovery. An MVP (Minimum Viable Product) is created to better understand the functionalities and showcase the concept. Our experts then design the Projects taking into consideration all the recommendations received in the MVP phase. We develop Project in several iterations (Sprint), keeping you in loop throughout the process. Feedback is incorporated at every iteration. The Project undergoes cross-platform testing before deployment to ensure functionality coverage. Our AI/ML Development Projects Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant is a company owned by doctors who specialise in sleep disorder treatments like insomnia, parasomnia, restless leg syndrome, narcolepsy, night terrors, and jet lag. Somnology AI Assistant helps the user diagnose their sleep issues by following up on a series of questions and providing end reports with diagnostic data and their curation. Read More Speech QnA Assistant Speech QnA Assistant is idea of an individual to create a platform with speech-to-text and speech recognition technology to allow people to interact verbally to store people feedbacks and response. Read More Deep Aspect Deep Aspect is a US-based technology startup with a vision to create an AI-Powered Platform that serves people to deal with qualitative video data and utilize in-built tools to gather video transcription and process those data while trying to find valuable insights. Read More More Projects Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/home
Fargowiz |Transform your Ideas into Reality menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Transform your Ideas into Reality Request Quote Download Brochure Watch Video Services we provide WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT MOBILE APP DEVELOPMENT AI & MACHINE LEARNING CLOUD & PLATFORM GRAPHICS DESIGN About FargoWiz FargoWiz Ltd is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and development platforms. Our resources are skilled in modern technology stacks and platforms. Our mission is to act as a technical enabler and software development partner for companies looking to build state of the art solutions in the market. View More Customer Projects Our Recent Software Development Projects Food Service Reviews provides a review and rating web platform where employees can submit their useful feedback to the restaurant employers, to share their work experiences. See More Damon’s Brave New World is an online Space Quiz mobile application, which encourages the participants to take the Space Quiz and gain relevant knowledge out of it. See More Textme.Bet is a custom social betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends or knowns. It’s the ultimate friend versus friend betting app and is purely for fun. No real money is transferred through Textme.bet application. It engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. See More “Real or Not” by Authenticate Pro offers a simple and innovative product authentication process by hiring authorized experts to test the authenticity of products. Targeted towards the e-commerce and mortar retail domain, “Real or Not” prevent buyers from investing in counterfeit products and thereby allowing honest sellers to stand out in the marketplace. See More Student Pro Connect is a social networking platform where students, industry professionals, and entrepreneurs can connect, explore the network, and share their insights and experiences. See More Undefeated.live is a free-to-play fan engagement prediction game. It is an in-game prediction platform that engages the user during live games. By having the user answer 11 predictions during a game for the chance to win free cash and prizes. Live game prediction contest for the NFL, NBA, NHL, PGA, and many other sports leagues. See More Simdash launcher is a desktop application created to distribute and update windows builds of the Simdash VR Apps. Users can access a list of available apps and manage multiple apps through the SimDash Launcher app. See More Cloudsy is a comprehensive loan application portal where loan application were processed and applied. We've created an intuitive sequence of UI screens to guide borrowers seamlessly through verifying their zip code, sharing loan information, inputting personal and contact details, providing address and financial information, and navigating essential steps like social security input and agreement acceptance. See More “Brand Event” is a product of Epeius Consulting, a firm that offers an easy solution to order and sell interactive ad spaces at different locations. Brand Event is a patent-pending e-commerce platform, developed specifically for exclusive property event branding, providing consumers with a location visualization and brand decal details, while being optimized for desktop and mobile environments See More Simdash is a learner analytics web application for medical educators who want to track and assess student performance through virtual simulations and training exercises. The Platform utilizes dashboards, graphs, and tables to show the assessment results on the portal. See More SportsTech Match is on a mission to connect sport with technology to drive innovation. They help sports executives working in both the business and performance side of the sport to find and acquire the right digital technology solutions to solve their problems. See More Kids Meeting Kids, is a web portal focused on setting up play dates for children. It is a platform where we encourage parents to expand their child's friendship circle and coordinate able-bodied and disabled children to form meaningful friendships. See More Savv signage offers a digital signage platform to upload, develop, and broadcast marketing and advertising content. The platform offers custom templates and editors to create custom template designs. See More Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant is a company owned by doctors who specialise in sleep disorder treatments like insomnia, parasomnia, restless leg syndrome, narcolepsy, night terrors, and jet lag. Somnology AI Assistant helps the user diagnose their sleep issues by following up on a series of questions and providing end reports with diagnostic data and their curation. See More PRS prioritizes supplying personal protective equipment to those in need in the amount that they need it— particularly those serving on our medical frontline. See More Speech QnA Assistant is idea of an individual to create a platform with speech-to-text and speech recognition technology to allow people to interact verbally to store people feedbacks and response. See More Special Security Services has been providing experienced and highly qualified armed and unarmed security guards in California for over 20 years. See More Deep Aspect is a US-based technology startup with a vision to create an AI-Powered Platform that serves people to deal with qualitative video data and utilize in-built tools to gather video transcription and process those data while trying to find valuable insights. See More With the online facility available, doctor consultations have become easier, which can help the user get the right health care at the right time, with the help of 'Find Your Doctor'. See More Baby Pro is an online newborn feeding, sleeping, and parenting consultancy web portal. It connects the parents of a newborn with a pediatrician or a nurse, who guides and helps the parents through the challenges of these first stages. See More Home Repair Business Foundation Repair is the most trusted name when it comes to foundation repair services in Corsicana, Texas. Right from thorough foundation inspection to services like foundation leveling, piering, basement waterproofing, soil modification- they do it all. See More She Fashion is a personal boutique and eCommerce platform to shop or choose various trending collection for women wear. See More Allagi is focused on helping small and mid-sized consumer businesses. Allagi is a platform where clients can develop, transit or transform their planning, financial management, business processes and enterprise systems. See More Election Trends App is designed to show popularity of the candidates and parties. It is focused on Bihar State elections in India. It provides voters to see Election Trends for any Bihar Constituency and support their candidates to make them popular. See More Medical Practice is built with simplicity for great user experience and designed with clean interface to provide patients with maximum information. See More Nepali with Nisha helps you learn and pronounce the Nepali language in an easy and enjoyable manner. It has a virtual mentor that helps in practicing pronunciation and pic to words to visualize & learn Nepali words. See More Don’t Wait Movie is a documentary about healing power of comedy. It’s a story of a terminally ill man “Michael Schmid” and a stand up comedian “Lisa Alvarado” form an unlikely friendship to help him fulfill his dying wish… going out on a laugh. See More GOOGOL IT is created with a simplistic design to provide a great user experience. The website shows their expertise in the financial, automotive, medical, and other industries. See More KnightAuthor is a website for Kids friendly reading and writing. The author loves and enjoy writing Fiction. Kids can also find other genres like mystery, Historical, and more. It is a collection of Stories, Comics, Poems, and Recipes – Written for Kids! See More CogniAIm is a website designed and built for a company focused on delivering business value through Artificial Intelligence. See More Vaping Texas is designed to raise awareness of the public health crisis that is teen vaping and e-cigarette usage, focusing on data and statistics in the state of Texas. You can learn about the effects of e-cigarette usage and the severity of the issue, as well as local and national coverage. See More Food Service Reviews provides a review and rating web platform where employees can submit their useful feedback to the restaurant employers, to share their work experiences. See More Damon’s Brave New World is an online Space Quiz mobile application, which encourages the participants to take the Space Quiz and gain relevant knowledge out of it. See More Textme.Bet is a custom social betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends or knowns. It’s the ultimate friend versus friend betting app and is purely for fun. No real money is transferred through Textme.bet application. It engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. See More “Real or Not” by Authenticate Pro offers a simple and innovative product authentication process by hiring authorized experts to test the authenticity of products. Targeted towards the e-commerce and mortar retail domain, “Real or Not” prevent buyers from investing in counterfeit products and thereby allowing honest sellers to stand out in the marketplace. See More Student Pro Connect is a social networking platform where students, industry professionals, and entrepreneurs can connect, explore the network, and share their insights and experiences. See More Undefeated.live is a free-to-play fan engagement prediction game. It is an in-game prediction platform that engages the user during live games. By having the user answer 11 predictions during a game for the chance to win free cash and prizes. Live game prediction contest for the NFL, NBA, NHL, PGA, and many other sports leagues. See More Simdash launcher is a desktop application created to distribute and update windows builds of the Simdash VR Apps. Users can access a list of available apps and manage multiple apps through the SimDash Launcher app. See More Cloudsy is a comprehensive loan application portal where loan application were processed and applied. We've created an intuitive sequence of UI screens to guide borrowers seamlessly through verifying their zip code, sharing loan information, inputting personal and contact details, providing address and financial information, and navigating essential steps like social security input and agreement acceptance. See More “Brand Event” is a product of Epeius Consulting, a firm that offers an easy solution to order and sell interactive ad spaces at different locations. Brand Event is a patent-pending e-commerce platform, developed specifically for exclusive property event branding, providing consumers with a location visualization and brand decal details, while being optimized for desktop and mobile environments See More Simdash is a learner analytics web application for medical educators who want to track and assess student performance through virtual simulations and training exercises. The Platform utilizes dashboards, graphs, and tables to show the assessment results on the portal. See More SportsTech Match is on a mission to connect sport with technology to drive innovation. They help sports executives working in both the business and performance side of the sport to find and acquire the right digital technology solutions to solve their problems. See More Kids Meeting Kids, is a web portal focused on setting up play dates for children. It is a platform where we encourage parents to expand their child's friendship circle and coordinate able-bodied and disabled children to form meaningful friendships. See More Savv signage offers a digital signage platform to upload, develop, and broadcast marketing and advertising content. The platform offers custom templates and editors to create custom template designs. See More Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant is a company owned by doctors who specialise in sleep disorder treatments like insomnia, parasomnia, restless leg syndrome, narcolepsy, night terrors, and jet lag. Somnology AI Assistant helps the user diagnose their sleep issues by following up on a series of questions and providing end reports with diagnostic data and their curation. See More PRS prioritizes supplying personal protective equipment to those in need in the amount that they need it— particularly those serving on our medical frontline. See More Speech QnA Assistant is idea of an individual to create a platform with speech-to-text and speech recognition technology to allow people to interact verbally to store people feedbacks and response. See More Special Security Services has been providing experienced and highly qualified armed and unarmed security guards in California for over 20 years. See More Deep Aspect is a US-based technology startup with a vision to create an AI-Powered Platform that serves people to deal with qualitative video data and utilize in-built tools to gather video transcription and process those data while trying to find valuable insights. See More With the online facility available, doctor consultations have become easier, which can help the user get the right health care at the right time, with the help of 'Find Your Doctor'. See More Baby Pro is an online newborn feeding, sleeping, and parenting consultancy web portal. It connects the parents of a newborn with a pediatrician or a nurse, who guides and helps the parents through the challenges of these first stages. See More Home Repair Business Foundation Repair is the most trusted name when it comes to foundation repair services in Corsicana, Texas. Right from thorough foundation inspection to services like foundation leveling, piering, basement waterproofing, soil modification- they do it all. See More She Fashion is a personal boutique and eCommerce platform to shop or choose various trending collection for women wear. See More Allagi is focused on helping small and mid-sized consumer businesses. Allagi is a platform where clients can develop, transit or transform their planning, financial management, business processes and enterprise systems. See More Election Trends App is designed to show popularity of the candidates and parties. It is focused on Bihar State elections in India. It provides voters to see Election Trends for any Bihar Constituency and support their candidates to make them popular. See More Medical Practice is built with simplicity for great user experience and designed with clean interface to provide patients with maximum information. See More Nepali with Nisha helps you learn and pronounce the Nepali language in an easy and enjoyable manner. It has a virtual mentor that helps in practicing pronunciation and pic to words to visualize & learn Nepali words. See More Don’t Wait Movie is a documentary about healing power of comedy. It’s a story of a terminally ill man “Michael Schmid” and a stand up comedian “Lisa Alvarado” form an unlikely friendship to help him fulfill his dying wish… going out on a laugh. See More GOOGOL IT is created with a simplistic design to provide a great user experience. The website shows their expertise in the financial, automotive, medical, and other industries. See More KnightAuthor is a website for Kids friendly reading and writing. The author loves and enjoy writing Fiction. Kids can also find other genres like mystery, Historical, and more. It is a collection of Stories, Comics, Poems, and Recipes – Written for Kids! See More CogniAIm is a website designed and built for a company focused on delivering business value through Artificial Intelligence. See More Vaping Texas is designed to raise awareness of the public health crisis that is teen vaping and e-cigarette usage, focusing on data and statistics in the state of Texas. You can learn about the effects of e-cigarette usage and the severity of the issue, as well as local and national coverage. See More Food Service Reviews provides a review and rating web platform where employees can submit their useful feedback to the restaurant employers, to share their work experiences. See More Damon’s Brave New World is an online Space Quiz mobile application, which encourages the participants to take the Space Quiz and gain relevant knowledge out of it. See More Textme.Bet is a custom social betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends or knowns. It’s the ultimate friend versus friend betting app and is purely for fun. No real money is transferred through Textme.bet application. It engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. See More More Projects Customer Testimonials FargoWiz has an exceptional full-stack and AI expertise. They completed my project on time with high-quality work. They are very good communicators. They can explain things clearly to you and keep you on the same page. FargoWiz is one of the best Web & AI development companies you can hire. I'm already starting my next project with them. John Liu CEO & Founder - Deep Aspect A wonderful company to work with! FargoWiz prepared an expert website with features that went above and beyond what I asked for, and what's more, they finished it almost a week early! They were super communicative throughout the process and quick to incorporate feedback and requests. FargoWiz is also super friendly and supportive of ideas and wants you to succeed! Matthew Miller CEO & Founder - Stars Academy "I posted about my vision, what assets I had and what I was looking to accomplish.  I explained I was not without resources but was a startup with limited funds. FargoWiz answered my call and proved to be an awesome partner.  They have helped me on an as needed basis to bring my ideas to reality.  They have proven to be patient, kind, knowledgeable, talented, efficient and beyond effective.    If you are looking for a partner to help you grow your business, I encourage you to give FargoWiz a try.  You will not be disappointed and your company will be better for it." Steve Peterson CEO & Founder - Bursting Through FargoWiz did an amazing job creating both my website and app. They submitted all of the work ahead of schedule and made the entire process so easy. Their communication was top-notch. FargoWiz was truly a pleasure to work with. I look forward to working with FargoWiz on future projects. Fabienne Cadet CEO & Founder - StudentProConnect FargoWiz has an exceptional full-stack and AI expertise. They completed my project on time with high-quality work. They are very good communicators. They can explain things clearly to you and keep you on the same page. FargoWiz is one of the best Web & AI development companies you can hire. I'm already starting my next project with them. John Liu CEO & Founder - Deep Aspect A wonderful company to work with! FargoWiz prepared an expert website with features that went above and beyond what I asked for, and what's more, they finished it almost a week early! They were super communicative throughout the process and quick to incorporate feedback and requests. FargoWiz is also super friendly and supportive of ideas and wants you to succeed! Matthew Miller CEO & Founder - Stars Academy "I posted about my vision, what assets I had and what I was looking to accomplish.  I explained I was not without resources but was a startup with limited funds. FargoWiz answered my call and proved to be an awesome partner.  They have helped me on an as needed basis to bring my ideas to reality.  They have proven to be patient, kind, knowledgeable, talented, efficient and beyond effective.    If you are looking for a partner to help you grow your business, I encourage you to give FargoWiz a try.  You will not be disappointed and your company will be better for it." Steve Peterson CEO & Founder - Bursting Through FargoWiz did an amazing job creating both my website and app. They submitted all of the work ahead of schedule and made the entire process so easy. Their communication was top-notch. FargoWiz was truly a pleasure to work with. I look forward to working with FargoWiz on future projects. Fabienne Cadet CEO & Founder - StudentProConnect FargoWiz has an exceptional full-stack and AI expertise. They completed my project on time with high-quality work. They are very good communicators. They can explain things clearly to you and keep you on the same page. FargoWiz is one of the best Web & AI development companies you can hire. I'm already starting my next project with them. John Liu CEO & Founder - Deep Aspect A wonderful company to work with! FargoWiz prepared an expert website with features that went above and beyond what I asked for, and what's more, they finished it almost a week early! They were super communicative throughout the process and quick to incorporate feedback and requests. FargoWiz is also super friendly and supportive of ideas and wants you to succeed! Matthew Miller CEO & Founder - Stars Academy "I posted about my vision, what assets I had and what I was looking to accomplish.  I explained I was not without resources but was a startup with limited funds. FargoWiz answered my call and proved to be an awesome partner.  They have helped me on an as needed basis to bring my ideas to reality.  They have proven to be patient, kind, knowledgeable, talented, efficient and beyond effective.    If you are looking for a partner to help you grow your business, I encourage you to give FargoWiz a try.  You will not be disappointed and your company will be better for it." Steve Peterson CEO & Founder - Bursting Through Trusted By Transform your Ideas into Reality Name * Name * Email * Email * Service Area ​ Service Area Phone Number Phone Number Project Description Project Description Send FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/babyPro
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App , Website Business Use Case “Baby Pro” is an online parenting consultancy web portal. It connects the parents of a newborn with a nurse and a certified lactation consultant, who guides and helps the parents through the challenges of the first stages of parenting. The users (parents) can purchase consultancy programs according to their needs. The consultations can be for 15 mins, 30 mins, and 45 mins. Users can also access the blog on the website which provides information related to parenting, e.g., breastfeeding, sleep training, and so on. https://thebabypro.com 1 Week Technologies Used WordPress HTML CSS MySQL Platform Fly Wheel Features Online Consultancy E-commerce Calendly Stripe Payment Gateway Blogs Authentication Query Platform Customer Feedback Brittany Mills and Maureen Mills CEO & Founder The Baby Pro Great and easy to work with! Super customer-focused and knowledgeable. We re hired FargoWiz a few times because they was so helpful. Will hire them again with our next project for sure! Thank you FargoWiz!! Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/graphics-design-services
FargoWiz | Graphics menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Graphics Design Services UI/UX Design We deliver easy-to-use interfaces with high performance, while providing enterprise-grade code quality. Our User Experience (UX) team follows best practices to deliver superior design for your UI/UX projects. Our experts provide UI/UX product design keeping important points in mind, including user behavior through usability, usefulness, and desirability. User experience design encompasses traditional human–computer interaction (HCI) design, and extends it by addressing all aspects of a product or service as perceived by the users. Banners A well-designed banner can help you stand out from your competitors.The more interesting and unique your signage is, the more it will capture the attention of potential customers, reinforcing your brand’s presence in their mind. Banners are simple, light-weight and easy to spread the message. They are also cost effective because they are quick and easy to manufacture. We provide the best quality print-work and banner design to ensure that your company gets advertised and also gets seen by more people. Logos Having a logo makes your company instantly recognizable, improving your marketing efforts. But it doesn’t stop there. A logo also helps to improve your relationship with your clients. Having a brand logo will project you as a professional company, and consequently, customers will build attachment to your brand. We deliver top-notch logo design to suit your brand. You can engage with us to get your brand logo developed by professional designers utilizing the latest technology. Marketing Videos Videos are a very versatile and engaging content format, providing a real-life picture of the product/process.. Marketing Videos are easy to run across multiple advertising platforms. Customers like marketing videos, as they are easy to understand, entertaining and engaging. Marketers like it because the marketing videos have a higher chance of providing return on investment (ROI) through various marketing channels. According to Forbes, a marketing video can boost conversion rate by an average of 80%, and grow revenue by an average of 49%. We deliver highly customized marketing animated videos for your business, illustrating products and services, with core focus on call-to-action for your customers. Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/image-recognition
FargoWiz | Image Recognition menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Image Recognition What Do We Offer Image Recognition is a widely used machine learning technique that can extract information from any image and classify it as per the requirement provided by the end user. Its core functionality lies in analyzing hundreds and thousands of images at one go, and looks for the information that a user wants to find from these sets of images. FargoWiz’s expertly devised services process this bulk amount of data- which helps your business save on resources as well as the time taken to process one image at a time! How will this help your Business? Image Recognition technology is extremely powerful, and offers solutions to a number of business use cases. Our Image Recognition algorithms will help you obtain quick results with precise accuracy. Image recognition algorithms optimized for your need will help your business undertake image analysis, better understand your customer needs, and improve your marketing and advertising strategy. We use deep neural network models to efficiently detect and label thousands of objects in your images. For example, if you wanted to search a brain tumor, we would first feed the model with different brain tumor images, and train it to detect brain tumor instantly. Our Engagement Model A major chunk of Image Recognition is done at FargoWiz using TensorFlow, which is an open-source software library, best suited for performing Image classification with speed and reliability. Along with TensorFlow, the engineers at FargoWiz also use Keras which is an open-source neural network library written in Python. Our engineers perform extensive training and testing of the data for optimal results. The training data would be a set of images that will help to train the classifier designed and create an accurate classification model . Once the model is trained, the ML engineers then test the data to uncover the accuracy and performance of the model designed. Finally, the compilation of your data will include three parameters: Loss function that Indicates accuracy of the model during the training phase. Optimizer that will ‘update’ the model to an ‘optimal’ state based on the loss function and data perceived by the model. Metrics that will be used to monitor the training and testing steps. Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/ai-assistants-and-chatbots
FargoWiz | AI Assistants & Chatbots menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact AI Assistants and Chatbots What Do We Offer AI-enabled Chatbots and Virtual Assistants provide a whole new way for your business to interact with your customers. Chatbots provide the capability to represent your business through an intelligent conversational interface, without time or knowledge constraints. Services We provide AI Chatbots and Virtual Assistants development services to fit the need of your business. We develop AI Assistants with capabilities and features catered to your specific business requirements. We utilize our AI platform architecture as the base to develop custom AI assistants. Our platform allows us to quickly build and deploy AI Assistants for your business. We deploy AI assistants across a variety of channels, including web, mobile, messaging platforms including Facebook Messenger, and other channels. This allows you to communicate with your customers on their preferred channel. We follow an “Agile Methodology: based collaborative approach to execute our projects. Our platform and methodology lead to faster go-to-market products and services affordable for your business. Our Chatbot and Voice Assistant Development Projects Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant is a company owned by doctors who specialise in sleep disorder treatments like insomnia, parasomnia, restless leg syndrome, narcolepsy, night terrors, and jet lag. Somnology AI Assistant helps the user diagnose their sleep issues by following up on a series of questions and providing end reports with diagnostic data and their curation. Read More Speech QnA Assistant Speech QnA Assistant is idea of an individual to create a platform with speech-to-text and speech recognition technology to allow people to interact verbally to store people feedbacks and response. Read More More Projects Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/website-development
FargoWiz | Website menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Website Development What Do We Offer FargoWiz delivers industry-leading website development services. Our  winning website development strategies have a key focus on delivering an innovative and engaging website design for your business and industry. We understand that your website not only showcases your business, but also is a key medium to bring new customers. We cater to security configurations, performance tuning, market analytics, and SEO services to take your business website to the next level. Technologies We utilize modern technologies and platforms to design, implement, and deploy state of the art websites to cater the needs of an ever-evolving digital landscape. ReactJS React is a popular modern technology to build flexible, scalable and secure websites. Node Node.JS is one of the most popular way to develop middleware API and Services for your applications. Angular Angular is a popular technology to build interactive websites with user-friendly experience. Express Express.JS provides the capability to create middleware components for your application. Laravel Framework Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax, allowing you to create modern websites. WordPress WordPress is a popular platform for building beautiful, secure, and SEO‑enabled websites. Our Website Development Experts Our team of experts understand that every business comes with a unique requirement. Our experts take your business idea and convert that into a tangible form, utilizing their expertise and experience in website design and development. Our experts recommend the appropriate website development technology for your business after assessing your technical maturity and future support needs. We employ a collaborative approach during development, working closely with your business. Our Agile delivery methodology covers the whole lifecycle of website development. Delivery Methodology We discuss your business vision and capture your requirements through a discovery phase. An MVP (Minimum Viable Product) is created to better understand the applications functionalities and showcase the concept. Our experts then design your application taking into consideration all the recommendations received in the MVP phase. We deliver your application in several iterations (Sprints), keeping you in loop throughout the process. Feedback is incorporated at every iteration. The application undergoes cross-platform testing before deployment to ensure functionality coverage. Our Website Development Projects CogniAIm CogniAIm is a website designed and built for a company focused on delivering business value through Artificial Intelligence. Read More Googol IT GOOGOL IT is created with a simplistic design to provide a great user experience. The website shows their expertise in the financial, automotive, medical, and other industries. Read More Allagi Business Consulting Allagi is focused on helping small and mid-sized consumer businesses. Allagi is a platform where clients can develop, transit or transform their planning, financial management, business processes and enterprise systems. Read More More Projects Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/cogniAIm
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : AI/ML & Website Business Use Case “CogniAIm” is a website designed and built for a company focused on delivering business value through Artificial Intelligence. This website showcases product offerings that are aligned with AI-powered assistant development for various businesses, industries, and technologies. https://www.cogniaim.com 5 Weeks Technologies Used AI ML NLP React HTML CSS Node Laravel MySQL Platform GCP ( Google Cloud ) BlueHost Features Conversational  AI-Powered Assistant Company Blog Trendy, Intuitive Design and User Experience Product Visuals and Quality Content Easy Navigation Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/mobile-development
FargoWiz | Mobile menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Mobile Development Mobile App Development Services We offer Mobile App development services for your business, utilizing the latest market trends and technologies. We provide recommendations based on extensive market research for your business, mapping out the Mobile App architecture, offering a choice of platform and technology. We develop the ever-popular Hybrid Mobile Apps, as well as Native iOS and Android Mobile Apps. Hybrid Mobile App Development iOS Development Android Development Hybrid Mobile App Development Hybrid Mobile Application development is our key focus area. We are committed to Cross-Platform Hybrid Mobile App development because of numerous benefits that come with it. It allows us to build a Mobile App which can run on all the major platforms including Android and iOS, with native look and feel. Cross-platform Mobile Apps save time and money for your business by taking away the time spent in technology decisions, and allows you to focus on the business functionalities for your Mobile App. We have competent developers with expertise in various Hybrid Cross-platform Mobile technologies and frameworks including React Native, Ionic, & Xamarin and advanced mobile frameworks like Flutter, NativeScript, PhoneGap and more. iOS Development We serve businesses by offering innovative Apple/iPhone/iOS Mobile App development services. We provide iOS development services targeted for various iOS devices, including iPhones, iPads, Apple Watch, and other wearable devices. We have a strong team of talented iOS developers and designers that can build elegant applications considering the target audience and current market trends. Our experts help businesses launch applications that deliver consistent value for their business, focused on your business requirements and user base. Our Agile methodology development cycle enables us to reduce time to market for your high-performance iOS Apps. Android Development We provide Android platform specific Mobile App development services for all industries and domains. Our Android Mobile App development services will help transform your mobile apps delivery through the robust implementation of Android Mobile Apps, architecture and technology. We collaborate with clients to define the right architecture, while utilizing the latest technologies and frameworks to make sure that we can future-proof your Mobile Apps. Our experts are adept at the Android platform, and follow latest Android technology trends, which allows us to offer robust custom Android Mobile Apps. Technologies We constantly evaluate the latest trends in Mobile Apps technology to enable us to make the best decision for your business. Our team of experts recommend the following technologies to build your Mobile Apps. Hybrid Technologies Ionic Ionic is a cross-platform, mobile-optimized framework to create Mobile Apps with native look and feel. React Native React Native is a framework for building cross-platform native mobile apps. Xamarin Xamarin provides .Net tools and libraries for building mobile apps for Android, iOS, & Windows. Flutter Flutter is a UI toolkit for crafting beautiful, native applications for mobile from a single codebase. NativeScript NativeScript is a cross-platform JavaScript framework to develop native iOS and Android apps. PhoneGap PhoneGap is an open source framework for building cross-platform mobile applications with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Native Technologies Android Android SDK is a software development kit to create applications for the Android platform utilizing Java and Kotlin. IOS iOS Native applications are written in the Objective-C language & developers use Xcode to develop their applications. Why Choose Us We not only provide the best technical expertise for Mobile App development, but we also focus on the overall architecture to provide the best experience for your business. Take a look at some of the benefits you obtain by engaging us for your Mobile App development project. Secure Secure & User-Friendly Apps Cost-Effective Time & Cost-Effective Development Scalable Scalable & Robust Solution Cross-Platform Cross-Platform & Native Mobile Apps Expertise Maintenance Maintenance & Support After Deployment Satisfaction Customer Satisfaction Delivery Methodology We discuss your business vision and capture your requirements through a discovery phase. An MVP (Minimum Viable Product) is created to better understand the applications functionalities and showcase the concept. Our experts then design your application taking into consideration all the recommendations received in the MVP phase. We deliver your application in several iterations (Sprints), keeping you in loop throughout the process. Feedback is incorporated at every iteration. The application undergoes cross-platform testing before deployment to ensure functionality coverage. Our Mobile Development Projects Student Pro CONNECT Student Pro Connect is a social networking platform where students, industry professionals, and entrepreneurs can connect, explore the network, and share their insights and experiences. Read More Textme.Bet Textme.Bet is a custom social betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends or knowns. It’s the ultimate friend versus friend betting app and is purely for fun. No real money is transferred through Textme.bet application. It engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. Read More Real or Not by Authenticate Pro “Real or Not” by Authenticate Pro offers a simple and innovative product authentication process by hiring authorized experts to test the authenticity of products. Targeted towards the e-commerce and mortar retail domain, “Real or Not” prevent buyers from investing in counterfeit products and thereby allowing honest sellers to stand out in the marketplace. Read More More Projects Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/authenticatePro
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Mobile App Business Use Case “Real or Not” by Authenticate Pro offers a simple and innovative product authentication process by hiring authorized experts to test the authenticity of products. Targeted towards the e-commerce and mortar retail domain, “Real or Not” prevent buyers from investing in counterfeit products and thereby allowing honest sellers to stand out in the marketplace. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.realornot.app https://apps.apple.com/app/real-or-not-by-authenticatepro/id1616790263 4 Weeks Technologies Used Ionic-React Node MySQL Platform AWS (Amazon Cloud) Android iOS Features Product Authentication Onsite Authentication Onsite/Live Product Report Expert Management Expert Features Buyer Features Seller Features Integration with PayPal Integration with Stripe In-App Wallet Membership Subscription with Stripe Chat Functionality with Multiple Users Brand Accuracy PDF Report Transaction Report Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/contact
FargoWiz | Contact menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Contact Us Transform Your Ideas Into Reality Name * Name * Email * Email * Service Area ​ Service Area Phone Number Phone Number Project Description Project Description Send contact@fargowiz.com (+1) 408-502-6736 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/application-development
FargoWiz | Application menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Application Development What Do We Offer We deliver industry-leading Application Development services for your business. We employ innovative development strategies with state-of-the-art tools and technologies to deliver your application development project. Our experts specialize in delivering top-notch application development services, utilizing modern technology to cater the needs of an ever-evolving digital landscape. Technologies We utilize the latest technology and platforms for application development. We constantly evaluate modern business and technical trends in application development technology, to enable us to recommend the best technology for your business. Our experienced team of experts specialize in the following technologies and platforms for application development. MEAN/MERN/MEVN Stack MEAN/MERN/MEVN Stack is one of the most popular full-stack technology for modern application development. It is free and open source, and provides faster development, flexibility, and performance for your applications. React React.JS provides modern technology to build flexible middleware and front-end UI components. Nodejs Node.JS is one of the most popular way to develop middleware API and Services for your applications. Angular Angular.JS is a popular technology to build middleware and front-end components for your applications. Express Express.JS provides the capability to create middleware components for your application. Vue Vue.js is a library for building interactive interfaces. Mongo DB MongoDB is a NoSQL database, providing document oriented JSON-based data storage. .Net Framework .NET Framework (pronounced as "dot net") is a software framework developed by Microsoft that runs primarily on Microsoft Windows platform. It consists of a variety of technologies to develop various components for your business application. C# C# (C-Sharp) is common programming language utilized to create applications as part of the .Net Framework. Xamarin Developers use Xamarin to deliver native Windows, MacOS, Linux, Android, and iOS apps with a single shared .NET code base. SQL Server DB SQL Server DB is a relational database utilized for data storage for your applications. LAMP Stack LAMP Stack is a set of open-source technlogies that used to create applications. LAMP is an acronym, and it typically consists of the Linux operating system, the Apache HTTP Server, the MySQL relational database management system, and the PHP programming language. Linux Linux is an open source Unix-like operating system to create and work with applications. Apache Apache HTTP Server is free and open source, cross-platform web server to deploy and run your web applications. MySQL MySQL is an open source relational database management system for application data storage. PHP PHP is a popular programming language to create cross-platform web applications. Python Python is an interpreted, high-level, general-purpose programming language to create web applications and services. Perl Perl is a general-purpose Unix scripting language, known for faster processing capability. Why Choose Us Apart from providing the best technical expertise for application development, we focus on the overall architecture and implementation to provide the best development experience for your business. Following are some of the benefits you get by engaging us for your application development project. Why Choose Us Secure Secure & User-Friendly Apps Cost-Effective Time & Cost-Effective Development Scalable Scalable & Robust Solution Cross-Platform Cross-Platform & Native Mobile Apps Expertise Maintenance Maintenance & Support After Deployment Satisfaction Customer Satisfaction Delivery Methodology We discuss your Business Vision and capture your requirements through discovery. An MVP (Minimum Viable Product) is created to better understand application functionality and showcase the concept. Our experts then design your application taking into consideration all the recommendations received in the MVP phase. We deliver your application project in several iterations (Sprint), keeping you in loop throughout the process. Feedback is incorporated at every iteration. The application undergoes cross-platform testing before deployment to ensure functionality coverage. Our Application Development Projects Cloudsy Cloudsy is a comprehensive loan application portal where loan application were processed and applied. We've created an intuitive sequence of UI screens to guide borrowers seamlessly through verifying their zip code, sharing loan information, inputting personal and contact details, providing address and financial information, and navigating essential steps like social security input and agreement acceptance. Read More Student Pro CONNECT Student Pro Connect is a social networking platform where students, industry professionals, and entrepreneurs can connect, explore the network, and share their insights and experiences. Read More Brand Event “Brand Event” is a product of Epeius Consulting, a firm that offers an easy solution to order and sell interactive ad spaces at different locations. Brand Event is a patent-pending e-commerce platform, developed specifically for exclusive property event branding, providing consumers with a location visualization and brand decal details, while being optimized for desktop and mobile environments Read More More Projects Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/cloudsy
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App Business Use Case Cloudsy is a comprehensive loan application portal where loan applications were processed and applied. We've created an intuitive sequence of UI screens to guide borrowers seamlessly through verifying their zip code, sharing loan information, inputting personal and contact details, providing address and financial information, and navigating essential steps like social security input and agreement acceptance. For merchants and partners- Our thoughtfully constructed UI screens lead the users through a well-crafted stepper form, encompassing essential aspects like business information, main contact setup, optional additional location incorporation, and finally landing on a thank-you screen. 8 Weeks Technologies Used Next.js Features User Registration and Profile Management Partner Invitation Merchant Invitation Document Upload and Verification Loan Documentation Management Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/cloud-and-platform-services
FargoWiz | Cloud And Platform menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Cloud and Platform Services Cloud Services We provide a range of Cloud Services to Cloud-enable your business. Cloud Development We provide cloud development services for creating SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS solutions. Cloud Deployment We provide cloud deployment services for your SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS solutions. Cloud Management We operate and monitor applications, data and services residing in the cloud. Cloud Architecture Our Cloud Architecture Services encompass public, private and hybrid cloud implementations, providing you the coverage you need for your Cloud Applications. Private Private Cloud means that your applications reside in a local cloud runtime, in your own data center. Public Public Clouds are shared cloud runtimes, hosted on a separate data center Hybrid Hybrid Cloud means your applications reside across on-prem & Cloud, working together to provide a solution. Cloud Technologies We have expertise across multiple Cloud Technologies to recommend the best Cloud solution for your business Containers Containers provide isolated individualized runtime environments to run your applications. Kubernetes Kubernetes is a managed environment for running containerized applications. Cloud Storage Cloud storage provides a capability to store data on remote cloud servers instead of local storage. Cloud Functions Cloud functions provide server-less execution environments for cloud applications and services. Cloud Providers We have expertise in popular Cloud Platforms, and can deploy your workload to these cloud platforms to best suit your business. Google Cloud Google Cloud (GCP) is a public cloud offering from Google. AWS Cloud AWS Cloud is a public cloud provided by Amazon. Azure Cloud Azure is a cloud offering by Microsoft. IBM Cloud IBM cloud is offered by IBM to deploy cloud workloads. Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/natural-language-processing
FargoWiz | NLP menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Natural Language Processing What Do We Offer Natural Language Processing is a technology powered by artificial intelligence, that allows computers to understand and decipher languages used by humans. In today’s age, data is money- and most of the relevant data is in a text based format. FargoWiz offers solutions to help your machines make sense of this data and deduce patterns from it, thereby helping you to strategize your business efficiently How will this help your Business? FargoWiz’s specifically designed models can help your business perform complex tasks such as sentiment analysis, spam classification, search query optimization, profanity filtering and much more by using NLP at its core. Our machine learning engineers and AI experts are constantly developing NLP rich solutions on the go. These include Intelligent Voice Response (IVR), smart business assistants, chatbots that can be customized to your website and much more. FargoWiz’s expertise will help you bridge the gap between customer expectations and scaling up your business. What Expertise does FargoWiz possess Our experts utilize advanced techniques like POS tagging to identify the part of speech for every word. The deep learning algorithms deployed by us can recognize an entity and its type in the sentence. For example, ‘Linux’ would be recognized as an ‘operating system’.  Our ML engineers use concepts like LSTMs and Transformers to preserve the context of your sentences rather than just analyze them as a collection of words. Our engineers are well-versed with techniques like Lexicon based analysis, and popular Machine Learning algorithms like SVM, Naive bayes, etc. Our Engagement Model First, we connect with your business to collect the data to be processed. Second step consists filtration and cleaning of data. In this step, our developers often opt for ‘Tokenization’ that will break your entire text into sentences and then convert those sentences into words. Stemming/Lemmatization is also used to reduce each word to its basic stem/lemma. This reduces the amount of data that is needed to be processed, thereby increasing system performance. Our developers then perform Word Embedding that convert words into numbers. Using precise algorithms to ensure that your original data is aptly represented. If the representation is wrong then the input fed to the NLP as an input would be incorrect- hence this step is performed using ML algorithms of perfect precision. We then pass the data through a machine learning, deep learning or a lexicon based algorithm. Finally, our ML experts deduce patterns from results and understand how to improve these results for future usage. Our Natural Language Processing Projects Speech QnA Assistant Speech QnA Assistant is idea of an individual to create a platform with speech-to-text and speech recognition technology to allow people to interact verbally to store people feedbacks and response. Read More Deep Aspect Deep Aspect is a US-based technology startup with a vision to create an AI-Powered Platform that serves people to deal with qualitative video data and utilize in-built tools to gather video transcription and process those data while trying to find valuable insights. Read More More Projects Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/videotranscripewebsaasapp
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : AI/ML & Website Business Use Case Deep Aspect is a US-based technology startup with a vision to create an AI-powered platform that enables users to deal with qualitative video data. Users can utilize in-built tools to gather video transcripts, and process this data to find valuable insights. This SaaS based web application utilizes Natural Language Processing (NLP) and automatic speech recognition to generate accurate transcripts from uploaded video files. Along with providing team collaboration capabilities, this platform provides features to perform search and filtering of text data, and highlighting and tagging relevant text. https://www.deepaspect.co 8 Weeks Technologies Used AI ML NLP React Redux Node MongoDB Platform AWS ( Amazon Cloud ) Features Video Upload Word Search and Snippet Navigation Transcript Part Video highlights Video Summary Navigation Table User-Friendly Interface Customer Feedback John Liu CEO & Founder Deep Aspect FargoWiz has an exceptional full-stack and AI expertise. They completed my project on time with high-quality work. They are very good communicator, they can explain things clearly to you and keep you on the same page. FargoWiz is one of the best Web & AI development company you can hire. I'm already starting my next project with them. Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com
Fargowiz |Transform your Ideas into Reality menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Transform your Ideas into Reality Request Quote Download Brochure Watch Video Services we provide WEBSITE DEVELOPMENT APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT MOBILE APP DEVELOPMENT AI & MACHINE LEARNING CLOUD & PLATFORM GRAPHICS DESIGN About FargoWiz FargoWiz Ltd is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and development platforms. Our resources are skilled in modern technology stacks and platforms. Our mission is to act as a technical enabler and software development partner for companies looking to build state of the art solutions in the market. View More Customer Projects Our Recent Software Development Projects Food Service Reviews provides a review and rating web platform where employees can submit their useful feedback to the restaurant employers, to share their work experiences. See More Damon’s Brave New World is an online Space Quiz mobile application, which encourages the participants to take the Space Quiz and gain relevant knowledge out of it. See More Textme.Bet is a custom social betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends or knowns. It’s the ultimate friend versus friend betting app and is purely for fun. No real money is transferred through Textme.bet application. It engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. See More “Real or Not” by Authenticate Pro offers a simple and innovative product authentication process by hiring authorized experts to test the authenticity of products. Targeted towards the e-commerce and mortar retail domain, “Real or Not” prevent buyers from investing in counterfeit products and thereby allowing honest sellers to stand out in the marketplace. See More Student Pro Connect is a social networking platform where students, industry professionals, and entrepreneurs can connect, explore the network, and share their insights and experiences. See More Undefeated.live is a free-to-play fan engagement prediction game. It is an in-game prediction platform that engages the user during live games. By having the user answer 11 predictions during a game for the chance to win free cash and prizes. Live game prediction contest for the NFL, NBA, NHL, PGA, and many other sports leagues. See More Simdash launcher is a desktop application created to distribute and update windows builds of the Simdash VR Apps. Users can access a list of available apps and manage multiple apps through the SimDash Launcher app. See More Cloudsy is a comprehensive loan application portal where loan application were processed and applied. We've created an intuitive sequence of UI screens to guide borrowers seamlessly through verifying their zip code, sharing loan information, inputting personal and contact details, providing address and financial information, and navigating essential steps like social security input and agreement acceptance. See More “Brand Event” is a product of Epeius Consulting, a firm that offers an easy solution to order and sell interactive ad spaces at different locations. Brand Event is a patent-pending e-commerce platform, developed specifically for exclusive property event branding, providing consumers with a location visualization and brand decal details, while being optimized for desktop and mobile environments See More Simdash is a learner analytics web application for medical educators who want to track and assess student performance through virtual simulations and training exercises. The Platform utilizes dashboards, graphs, and tables to show the assessment results on the portal. See More SportsTech Match is on a mission to connect sport with technology to drive innovation. They help sports executives working in both the business and performance side of the sport to find and acquire the right digital technology solutions to solve their problems. See More Kids Meeting Kids, is a web portal focused on setting up play dates for children. It is a platform where we encourage parents to expand their child's friendship circle and coordinate able-bodied and disabled children to form meaningful friendships. See More Savv signage offers a digital signage platform to upload, develop, and broadcast marketing and advertising content. The platform offers custom templates and editors to create custom template designs. See More Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant is a company owned by doctors who specialise in sleep disorder treatments like insomnia, parasomnia, restless leg syndrome, narcolepsy, night terrors, and jet lag. Somnology AI Assistant helps the user diagnose their sleep issues by following up on a series of questions and providing end reports with diagnostic data and their curation. See More PRS prioritizes supplying personal protective equipment to those in need in the amount that they need it— particularly those serving on our medical frontline. See More Speech QnA Assistant is idea of an individual to create a platform with speech-to-text and speech recognition technology to allow people to interact verbally to store people feedbacks and response. See More Special Security Services has been providing experienced and highly qualified armed and unarmed security guards in California for over 20 years. See More Deep Aspect is a US-based technology startup with a vision to create an AI-Powered Platform that serves people to deal with qualitative video data and utilize in-built tools to gather video transcription and process those data while trying to find valuable insights. See More With the online facility available, doctor consultations have become easier, which can help the user get the right health care at the right time, with the help of 'Find Your Doctor'. See More Baby Pro is an online newborn feeding, sleeping, and parenting consultancy web portal. It connects the parents of a newborn with a pediatrician or a nurse, who guides and helps the parents through the challenges of these first stages. See More Home Repair Business Foundation Repair is the most trusted name when it comes to foundation repair services in Corsicana, Texas. Right from thorough foundation inspection to services like foundation leveling, piering, basement waterproofing, soil modification- they do it all. See More She Fashion is a personal boutique and eCommerce platform to shop or choose various trending collection for women wear. See More Allagi is focused on helping small and mid-sized consumer businesses. Allagi is a platform where clients can develop, transit or transform their planning, financial management, business processes and enterprise systems. See More Election Trends App is designed to show popularity of the candidates and parties. It is focused on Bihar State elections in India. It provides voters to see Election Trends for any Bihar Constituency and support their candidates to make them popular. See More Medical Practice is built with simplicity for great user experience and designed with clean interface to provide patients with maximum information. See More Nepali with Nisha helps you learn and pronounce the Nepali language in an easy and enjoyable manner. It has a virtual mentor that helps in practicing pronunciation and pic to words to visualize & learn Nepali words. See More Don’t Wait Movie is a documentary about healing power of comedy. It’s a story of a terminally ill man “Michael Schmid” and a stand up comedian “Lisa Alvarado” form an unlikely friendship to help him fulfill his dying wish… going out on a laugh. See More GOOGOL IT is created with a simplistic design to provide a great user experience. The website shows their expertise in the financial, automotive, medical, and other industries. See More KnightAuthor is a website for Kids friendly reading and writing. The author loves and enjoy writing Fiction. Kids can also find other genres like mystery, Historical, and more. It is a collection of Stories, Comics, Poems, and Recipes – Written for Kids! See More CogniAIm is a website designed and built for a company focused on delivering business value through Artificial Intelligence. See More Vaping Texas is designed to raise awareness of the public health crisis that is teen vaping and e-cigarette usage, focusing on data and statistics in the state of Texas. You can learn about the effects of e-cigarette usage and the severity of the issue, as well as local and national coverage. See More Food Service Reviews provides a review and rating web platform where employees can submit their useful feedback to the restaurant employers, to share their work experiences. See More Damon’s Brave New World is an online Space Quiz mobile application, which encourages the participants to take the Space Quiz and gain relevant knowledge out of it. See More Textme.Bet is a custom social betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends or knowns. It’s the ultimate friend versus friend betting app and is purely for fun. No real money is transferred through Textme.bet application. It engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. See More “Real or Not” by Authenticate Pro offers a simple and innovative product authentication process by hiring authorized experts to test the authenticity of products. Targeted towards the e-commerce and mortar retail domain, “Real or Not” prevent buyers from investing in counterfeit products and thereby allowing honest sellers to stand out in the marketplace. See More Student Pro Connect is a social networking platform where students, industry professionals, and entrepreneurs can connect, explore the network, and share their insights and experiences. See More Undefeated.live is a free-to-play fan engagement prediction game. It is an in-game prediction platform that engages the user during live games. By having the user answer 11 predictions during a game for the chance to win free cash and prizes. Live game prediction contest for the NFL, NBA, NHL, PGA, and many other sports leagues. See More Simdash launcher is a desktop application created to distribute and update windows builds of the Simdash VR Apps. Users can access a list of available apps and manage multiple apps through the SimDash Launcher app. See More Cloudsy is a comprehensive loan application portal where loan application were processed and applied. We've created an intuitive sequence of UI screens to guide borrowers seamlessly through verifying their zip code, sharing loan information, inputting personal and contact details, providing address and financial information, and navigating essential steps like social security input and agreement acceptance. See More “Brand Event” is a product of Epeius Consulting, a firm that offers an easy solution to order and sell interactive ad spaces at different locations. Brand Event is a patent-pending e-commerce platform, developed specifically for exclusive property event branding, providing consumers with a location visualization and brand decal details, while being optimized for desktop and mobile environments See More Simdash is a learner analytics web application for medical educators who want to track and assess student performance through virtual simulations and training exercises. The Platform utilizes dashboards, graphs, and tables to show the assessment results on the portal. See More SportsTech Match is on a mission to connect sport with technology to drive innovation. They help sports executives working in both the business and performance side of the sport to find and acquire the right digital technology solutions to solve their problems. See More Kids Meeting Kids, is a web portal focused on setting up play dates for children. It is a platform where we encourage parents to expand their child's friendship circle and coordinate able-bodied and disabled children to form meaningful friendships. See More Savv signage offers a digital signage platform to upload, develop, and broadcast marketing and advertising content. The platform offers custom templates and editors to create custom template designs. See More Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant is a company owned by doctors who specialise in sleep disorder treatments like insomnia, parasomnia, restless leg syndrome, narcolepsy, night terrors, and jet lag. Somnology AI Assistant helps the user diagnose their sleep issues by following up on a series of questions and providing end reports with diagnostic data and their curation. See More PRS prioritizes supplying personal protective equipment to those in need in the amount that they need it— particularly those serving on our medical frontline. See More Speech QnA Assistant is idea of an individual to create a platform with speech-to-text and speech recognition technology to allow people to interact verbally to store people feedbacks and response. See More Special Security Services has been providing experienced and highly qualified armed and unarmed security guards in California for over 20 years. See More Deep Aspect is a US-based technology startup with a vision to create an AI-Powered Platform that serves people to deal with qualitative video data and utilize in-built tools to gather video transcription and process those data while trying to find valuable insights. See More With the online facility available, doctor consultations have become easier, which can help the user get the right health care at the right time, with the help of 'Find Your Doctor'. See More Baby Pro is an online newborn feeding, sleeping, and parenting consultancy web portal. It connects the parents of a newborn with a pediatrician or a nurse, who guides and helps the parents through the challenges of these first stages. See More Home Repair Business Foundation Repair is the most trusted name when it comes to foundation repair services in Corsicana, Texas. Right from thorough foundation inspection to services like foundation leveling, piering, basement waterproofing, soil modification- they do it all. See More She Fashion is a personal boutique and eCommerce platform to shop or choose various trending collection for women wear. See More Allagi is focused on helping small and mid-sized consumer businesses. Allagi is a platform where clients can develop, transit or transform their planning, financial management, business processes and enterprise systems. See More Election Trends App is designed to show popularity of the candidates and parties. It is focused on Bihar State elections in India. It provides voters to see Election Trends for any Bihar Constituency and support their candidates to make them popular. See More Medical Practice is built with simplicity for great user experience and designed with clean interface to provide patients with maximum information. See More Nepali with Nisha helps you learn and pronounce the Nepali language in an easy and enjoyable manner. It has a virtual mentor that helps in practicing pronunciation and pic to words to visualize & learn Nepali words. See More Don’t Wait Movie is a documentary about healing power of comedy. It’s a story of a terminally ill man “Michael Schmid” and a stand up comedian “Lisa Alvarado” form an unlikely friendship to help him fulfill his dying wish… going out on a laugh. See More GOOGOL IT is created with a simplistic design to provide a great user experience. The website shows their expertise in the financial, automotive, medical, and other industries. See More KnightAuthor is a website for Kids friendly reading and writing. The author loves and enjoy writing Fiction. Kids can also find other genres like mystery, Historical, and more. It is a collection of Stories, Comics, Poems, and Recipes – Written for Kids! See More CogniAIm is a website designed and built for a company focused on delivering business value through Artificial Intelligence. See More Vaping Texas is designed to raise awareness of the public health crisis that is teen vaping and e-cigarette usage, focusing on data and statistics in the state of Texas. You can learn about the effects of e-cigarette usage and the severity of the issue, as well as local and national coverage. See More Food Service Reviews provides a review and rating web platform where employees can submit their useful feedback to the restaurant employers, to share their work experiences. See More Damon’s Brave New World is an online Space Quiz mobile application, which encourages the participants to take the Space Quiz and gain relevant knowledge out of it. See More Textme.Bet is a custom social betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends or knowns. It’s the ultimate friend versus friend betting app and is purely for fun. No real money is transferred through Textme.bet application. It engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. See More More Projects Customer Testimonials FargoWiz has an exceptional full-stack and AI expertise. They completed my project on time with high-quality work. They are very good communicators. They can explain things clearly to you and keep you on the same page. FargoWiz is one of the best Web & AI development companies you can hire. I'm already starting my next project with them. John Liu CEO & Founder - Deep Aspect A wonderful company to work with! FargoWiz prepared an expert website with features that went above and beyond what I asked for, and what's more, they finished it almost a week early! They were super communicative throughout the process and quick to incorporate feedback and requests. FargoWiz is also super friendly and supportive of ideas and wants you to succeed! Matthew Miller CEO & Founder - Stars Academy "I posted about my vision, what assets I had and what I was looking to accomplish.  I explained I was not without resources but was a startup with limited funds. FargoWiz answered my call and proved to be an awesome partner.  They have helped me on an as needed basis to bring my ideas to reality.  They have proven to be patient, kind, knowledgeable, talented, efficient and beyond effective.    If you are looking for a partner to help you grow your business, I encourage you to give FargoWiz a try.  You will not be disappointed and your company will be better for it." Steve Peterson CEO & Founder - Bursting Through FargoWiz did an amazing job creating both my website and app. They submitted all of the work ahead of schedule and made the entire process so easy. Their communication was top-notch. FargoWiz was truly a pleasure to work with. I look forward to working with FargoWiz on future projects. Fabienne Cadet CEO & Founder - StudentProConnect FargoWiz has an exceptional full-stack and AI expertise. They completed my project on time with high-quality work. They are very good communicators. They can explain things clearly to you and keep you on the same page. FargoWiz is one of the best Web & AI development companies you can hire. I'm already starting my next project with them. John Liu CEO & Founder - Deep Aspect A wonderful company to work with! FargoWiz prepared an expert website with features that went above and beyond what I asked for, and what's more, they finished it almost a week early! They were super communicative throughout the process and quick to incorporate feedback and requests. FargoWiz is also super friendly and supportive of ideas and wants you to succeed! Matthew Miller CEO & Founder - Stars Academy "I posted about my vision, what assets I had and what I was looking to accomplish.  I explained I was not without resources but was a startup with limited funds. FargoWiz answered my call and proved to be an awesome partner.  They have helped me on an as needed basis to bring my ideas to reality.  They have proven to be patient, kind, knowledgeable, talented, efficient and beyond effective.    If you are looking for a partner to help you grow your business, I encourage you to give FargoWiz a try.  You will not be disappointed and your company will be better for it." Steve Peterson CEO & Founder - Bursting Through FargoWiz did an amazing job creating both my website and app. They submitted all of the work ahead of schedule and made the entire process so easy. Their communication was top-notch. FargoWiz was truly a pleasure to work with. I look forward to working with FargoWiz on future projects. Fabienne Cadet CEO & Founder - StudentProConnect FargoWiz has an exceptional full-stack and AI expertise. They completed my project on time with high-quality work. They are very good communicators. They can explain things clearly to you and keep you on the same page. FargoWiz is one of the best Web & AI development companies you can hire. I'm already starting my next project with them. John Liu CEO & Founder - Deep Aspect A wonderful company to work with! FargoWiz prepared an expert website with features that went above and beyond what I asked for, and what's more, they finished it almost a week early! They were super communicative throughout the process and quick to incorporate feedback and requests. FargoWiz is also super friendly and supportive of ideas and wants you to succeed! Matthew Miller CEO & Founder - Stars Academy "I posted about my vision, what assets I had and what I was looking to accomplish.  I explained I was not without resources but was a startup with limited funds. FargoWiz answered my call and proved to be an awesome partner.  They have helped me on an as needed basis to bring my ideas to reality.  They have proven to be patient, kind, knowledgeable, talented, efficient and beyond effective.    If you are looking for a partner to help you grow your business, I encourage you to give FargoWiz a try.  You will not be disappointed and your company will be better for it." Steve Peterson CEO & Founder - Bursting Through Trusted By Transform your Ideas into Reality Name * Name * Email * Email * Service Area ​ Service Area Phone Number Phone Number Project Description Project Description Send FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/savvSignage
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App & Mobile App Business Use Case “Savv Signage” offers a digital signage platform to upload, develop, and broadcast marketing and advertising content. The platform offers custom templates and editors to create custom template designs. Users can make custom playlists out of the content they've uploaded and assign it to a screen. This playlist can be viewed on any Android smartphone or Amazon Firestick. https://www.savvsignage.com/ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.savvsignage.app 2 Weeks Technologies Used React Native React Node MongoDB Platform AWS(Amazon Cloud) Android Features Template Creation Playlist Creation Content Upload Add Screens Live Screen Update Edit Screens Select Pricing Plans Payment Gateway Integration Authentication Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/graphics-design-services/portfolio
FargoWiz | Portfolio menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Graphics Design Portfolio All Categories Website Graphics Mobile Graphics Dashboard Graphics Logos Videos Social Media CogniAIm FargoWiz Computech Googol-IT Work-Frog Banking App Yoga App Smart Home Translator App Knight Author Business Assistant Dashboard Quality Assistant Dashboard Coppell Adult Medicine CogniAIm Logo FargoWiz Logo Googol-IT Logo Vaping Texas Logo Bursting Through Logo Knight Author Logo Computech Logo IVR Assistant Video Survey Assistant Video Facebook Assistant Video Business Assistant Video Event Assistant Video Clinic Assistant Video Quality Assistant Video FargoWiz Video CogniAIm Blog Page FargoWiz Blog Page LinkedIn Page Twitter Page Facebook Page FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/graphics-design-services/portfolio/dashboard
FargoWiz | Portfolio menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Graphics Design Portfolio All Categories Website Graphics Mobile Graphics Dashboard Graphics Logos Videos Social Media Business Assistant Dashboard Quality Assistant Dashboard FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/graphics-design-services/portfolio/videos
FargoWiz | Portfolio menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Graphics Design Portfolio All Categories Website Graphics Mobile Graphics Dashboard Graphics Logos Videos Social Media IVR Assistant Video Survey Assistant Video Facebook Assistant Video Business Assistant Video Event Assistant Video Clinic Assistant Video Quality Assistant Video FargoWiz Video FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/graphics-design-services/portfolio/website
FargoWiz | Portfolio menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Graphics Design Portfolio All Categories Website Graphics Mobile Graphics Dashboard Graphics Logos Videos Social Media CogniAIm FargoWiz Computech Googol-IT Coppell Adult Medicine Knight Author FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/branding-services
FargoWiz | Branding Services menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Branding Services We Understand your Business Vision, give Life to your Ideas, and Attract New Customers by Improving your Brand Image We create brand experiences inspired by your passion for the business. Let's discuss your business goals and embark on a journey to step up your branding game. Let's Discuss Your Ideas & Passion Actionable Brand Strategy Our Branding Process Brand Strategy Brand Identity Brand Elements Brand Launch Brand Marketing Our Branding Services Brand Logo Design Brand Marketing Video Brand Motion Graphics Brochures & Banners Business Cards Cover & Packaging Design Illustrations & Graphics Why should you choose FargoWiz for your branding needs? So how do we stand out? We utilize our strong market research capabilities to ideate your brand. We bring your brand to the forefront through innovative and imaginative ideas. We create a customized brand strategy for your business through our We design brand elements that are visually appealing to your customers. We make your venture a reality through our team of skilled designers and developers. Trusted By Let us handle your branding. Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects
FargoWiz | Customer Projects menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Customer Projects All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Real or Not by Authenticate Pro “Real or Not” by Authenticate Pro offers a simple and innovative product authentication process by hiring authorized experts to test the authenticity of products. Targeted towards the e-commerce and mortar retail domain, “Real or Not” prevent buyers from investing in counterfeit products and thereby allowing honest sellers to stand out in the marketplace. Read More Student Pro CONNECT Student Pro Connect is a social networking platform where students, industry professionals, and entrepreneurs can connect, explore the network, and share their insights and experiences. Read More Undefeated.Live Undefeated.live is a free-to-play fan engagement prediction game. It is an in-game prediction platform that engages the user during live games. By having the user answer 11 predictions during a game for the chance to win free cash and prizes. Live game prediction contest for the NFL, NBA, NHL, PGA, and many other sports leagues. Read More Simdash launcher app Simdash launcher is a desktop application created to distribute and update windows builds of the Simdash VR Apps. Users can access a list of available apps and manage multiple apps through the SimDash Launcher app. Read More Cloudsy Cloudsy is a comprehensive loan application portal where loan application were processed and applied. We've created an intuitive sequence of UI screens to guide borrowers seamlessly through verifying their zip code, sharing loan information, inputting personal and contact details, providing address and financial information, and navigating essential steps like social security input and agreement acceptance. Read More Brand Event “Brand Event” is a product of Epeius Consulting, a firm that offers an easy solution to order and sell interactive ad spaces at different locations. Brand Event is a patent-pending e-commerce platform, developed specifically for exclusive property event branding, providing consumers with a location visualization and brand decal details, while being optimized for desktop and mobile environments Read More Simdash Simdash is a learner analytics web application for medical educators who want to track and assess student performance through virtual simulations and training exercises. The Platform utilizes dashboards, graphs, and tables to show the assessment results on the portal. Read More SportsTech Match SportsTech Match is on a mission to connect sport with technology to drive innovation. They help sports executives working in both the business and performance side of the sport to find and acquire the right digital technology solutions to solve their problems. Read More Kids Meeting Kids Kids Meeting Kids, is a web portal focused on setting up play dates for children. It is a platform where we encourage parents to expand their child's friendship circle and coordinate able-bodied and disabled children to form meaningful friendships. Read More Savv Signage Savv signage offers a digital signage platform to upload, develop, and broadcast marketing and advertising content. The platform offers custom templates and editors to create custom template designs. Read More Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant is a company owned by doctors who specialise in sleep disorder treatments like insomnia, parasomnia, restless leg syndrome, narcolepsy, night terrors, and jet lag. Somnology AI Assistant helps the user diagnose their sleep issues by following up on a series of questions and providing end reports with diagnostic data and their curation. Read More Pandemic Relief Supply PRS prioritizes supplying personal protective equipment to those in need in the amount that they need it— particularly those serving on our medical frontline. Read More Speech QnA Assistant Speech QnA Assistant is idea of an individual to create a platform with speech-to-text and speech recognition technology to allow people to interact verbally to store people feedbacks and response. Read More Special Security Services Special Security Services has been providing experienced and highly qualified armed and unarmed security guards in California for over 20 years. Read More Deep Aspect Deep Aspect is a US-based technology startup with a vision to create an AI-Powered Platform that serves people to deal with qualitative video data and utilize in-built tools to gather video transcription and process those data while trying to find valuable insights. Read More Find Your Doctor With the online facility available, doctor consultations have become easier, which can help the user get the right health care at the right time, with the help of 'Find Your Doctor'. Read More The Baby Pro Baby Pro is an online newborn feeding, sleeping, and parenting consultancy web portal. It connects the parents of a newborn with a pediatrician or a nurse, who guides and helps the parents through the challenges of these first stages. Read More Home Repair Business Home Repair Business Foundation Repair is the most trusted name when it comes to foundation repair services in Corsicana, Texas. Right from thorough foundation inspection to services like foundation leveling, piering, basement waterproofing, soil modification- they do it all. Read More She Fashion She Fashion is a personal boutique and eCommerce platform to shop or choose various trending collection for women wear. Read More Allagi Business Consulting Allagi is focused on helping small and mid-sized consumer businesses. Allagi is a platform where clients can develop, transit or transform their planning, financial management, business processes and enterprise systems. Read More Election Trends Election Trends App is designed to show popularity of the candidates and parties. It is focused on Bihar State elections in India. It provides voters to see Election Trends for any Bihar Constituency and support their candidates to make them popular. Read More Medical Practice Medical Practice is built with simplicity for great user experience and designed with clean interface to provide patients with maximum information. Read More Nepali with Nisha Nepali with Nisha helps you learn and pronounce the Nepali language in an easy and enjoyable manner. It has a virtual mentor that helps in practicing pronunciation and pic to words to visualize & learn Nepali words. Read More Don't Wait Movie Don’t Wait Movie is a documentary about healing power of comedy. It’s a story of a terminally ill man “Michael Schmid” and a stand up comedian “Lisa Alvarado” form an unlikely friendship to help him fulfill his dying wish… going out on a laugh. Read More Googol IT GOOGOL IT is created with a simplistic design to provide a great user experience. The website shows their expertise in the financial, automotive, medical, and other industries. Read More Knight Author KnightAuthor is a website for Kids friendly reading and writing. The author loves and enjoy writing Fiction. Kids can also find other genres like mystery, Historical, and more. It is a collection of Stories, Comics, Poems, and Recipes – Written for Kids! Read More CogniAIm CogniAIm is a website designed and built for a company focused on delivering business value through Artificial Intelligence. Read More Vaping Texas Vaping Texas is designed to raise awareness of the public health crisis that is teen vaping and e-cigarette usage, focusing on data and statistics in the state of Texas. You can learn about the effects of e-cigarette usage and the severity of the issue, as well as local and national coverage. Read More Food Service Reviews Food Service Reviews provides a review and rating web platform where employees can submit their useful feedback to the restaurant employers, to share their work experiences. Read More Damon's Brave New World Damon’s Brave New World is an online Space Quiz mobile application, which encourages the participants to take the Space Quiz and gain relevant knowledge out of it. Read More Textme.Bet Textme.Bet is a custom social betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends or knowns. It’s the ultimate friend versus friend betting app and is purely for fun. No real money is transferred through Textme.bet application. It engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. Read More Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/student-pro-connect
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App, Mobile App Business Use Case “StudentProCONNECT” is a social networking platform connecting students, industry professionals, and entrepreneurs. This platform helps students and business professionals connect and share their insights and experiences. Further, students can obtain career advice and learn from working professionals in various fields. Professionals can share business challenges, advice, and helpful resources with students and fellow professionals in their field. Entrepreneurs can exchange ideas, insights, and experiences with fellow entrepreneurs in their respective industries. https://studentproconnect.com https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.app.studentProConnect&hl=en_US&gl=US https://apps.apple.com/us/app/studenproconnect/id1548668379 7 Weeks Technologies Used Ionic Redux React Node MySQL Platform AWS ( Amazon Cloud ) Android iOS Features Professional Networking Messaging Social Posting Live Feed Discussion Forum Business Information Authentication Profile Creation Query Platform User-Friendly Interface Customer Feedback Fabienne Cadet CEO & Founder StudentProConnect FargoWiz did an amazing job creating both my website and app. They submitted all of the work ahead of schedule and made the entire process so easy. Their communication was top-notch. FargoWiz was truly a pleasure to work with. I look forward to working with FargoWiz on future projects. Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/about
FargoWiz | About menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact About FargoWiz Our Company FargoWiz Ltd is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. Our resources are skilled in the modern technology stacks and platforms to deliver the best for your business. Engage us to transform your business ideas into reality, and to make your projects successful. We can guide you through every step of the project, from facilitating the business requirements discussion to successful delivery of the project. Our Mission Our mission is to act as a technical enabler and software development partner for companies looking to build state-of-the-art solutions for the market. Our Principles: Customer Satisfaction Quality Products and Offerings Innovative Solutions Optimal Price Feedback based Improvement Our Experts We know the challenges of developing modern applications, and we can help you move to the next level in the market. We have a wealth of experience in delivering software solutions. We are experts at architecting, designing, and implementing software projects. We have experts focused on various technologies and platforms. Our experts follow the latest technology trends to keep them updated to deliver the best solution for your business. Our experts are adept at communicating the architecture and design of your solution to satisfy your needs. Our experts go through regular education and training to hone their skills Our experts are experienced to work individually or collaborate as part of a large team. Our Engagement Model Our Engagement Model is designed to deliver the best for your business, keeping in mind the ultimate goal of customer satisfaction. We discuss your Business Vision and capture your Business Requirements. We put together a Project Plan to communicate the timeline and resources needs. We create High Level Architecture and Design to conceptualize the components of your project. We develop and execute your project in iterations, keeping you in loop throughout the process. We strive for Customer Satisfaction. Your feedback is incorporated at every iteration Trusted By Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/sentiment-analysis
FargoWiz | Sentiment Analysis menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Sentiment Analysis What Do We Offer Sentiment Analysis is the process of computationally identifying and categorizing opinions expressed in a piece of text, in order to determine whether the author's attitude towards a particular topic, product, etc. is positive, negative, or neutral. Sentiment Analysis is crucial for businesses in the modern world with social media playing a major role in influencing customers. For example, suppose a customer tweets on Twitter: 'I bought this company's chair and it broke in a month'. If you were selling this chair, and did not analyze this negative feedback, it would have caused chair sales to plummet. If you were performing sentiment analysis, this would have triggered a negative sentiment feedback from the Twitter feed. Automated feedback analysis would allow you to take an early action to remedy the issue so that your product sales are not impacted.  We also offer Sentiment Analysis API, which can be utilized in broader AI (Artificial Intelligence) and ML (Machine Learning) solutions. How will this help your Business? Sentiment Analysis is a powerful tool to improve and grow your business. It can be utilized for multiple business functions, with an end goal of taking your business to the next level. Brand Image - Sentiment Analysis can analyze feedback on your brand presence across social media, and help you take relevant actions to improve your brand image. Product Improvement: Sentiment Analysis can analyze product feedback from your customers. Based on this feedback, you can improve your product to increase sales. Market Research: Sentiment Analysis plays a major role in assessing market sentiments to discover relevant trends. Based on the analysis, your business can launch a product or feature most likely to succeed in the market. Social Media Impact: Social media sentiment analysis helps you determine daily social media impact on your business, allowing you to avert a negative trend about your business. Feedback Management: Sentiment analysis plays an important role in analyzing customer feedback. By performing an automated sentiment analysis, you can take quick actions to help and satisfy a customer. Our Engagement Model Our Engagement Model is designed to provide the best of our services. We discuss your business requirements and perform market research. We plan the Sentiment Analysis project keeping in mind your business needs, our resources and timeline. We develop the project architecture and design utilizing our experience in the field. We implement the Sentiment Analysis project, utilizing the latest advancements in AI (Artificial Intelligence) and ML (Machine Learning). We perform testing utilizing real data for your business. We iterate as required till the end business goal is achieved. FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/tone-analysis
FargoWiz | Tone Analysis menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Tone Analysis What Do We Offer Audio Tone Analysis is the process of analyzing the mood and pitch of the speaker, in order to determine whether the speaker’s attitude towards a particular topic, product, review, etc. is positive, negative, or neutral. Tone analysis is performed on the speaker’s audio recording or in real-time. Tone Analysis for Audio is an excellent way to analyze customer feedback towards your business. Once such example would be to use Tone Analysis for your Call Center. FargoWiz can perform automated tone analysis of your customer and call center representative. This would help you determine if the customer was happy with the support he received, and also whether your representative was polite during the. This can make a major difference in improving the quality of your call center. How will this help your Business? Tone Analysis is a powerful tool to determine the tone of your customers. Tone Analysis can be utilized in various scenarios, with an ultimate goal of taking your business to the next level. Call Center Quality Improvement: Automated tone analysis can drastically reduce the time it takes to evaluate the quality of your call center. Instead of human monitoring, automated tone analysis can regularly analyze the tone of your call center representative, helping you provide high quality customer interactions. Customer Support: Tone Analysis can help improve your customer support by analyzing all customer support interactions. Tone analysis can help determine the customer’s mood during these support calls, which can give you crucial insights into actions needed to make your customers happy. Product Improvement: By performing tone analysis on customer’s calls related to product feedback, you can improve your products in the market by incorporating this feedback. Product Sales: Tone analysis can help improve the performance of your sales team by analyzing the way they pitch your products to the customers. Feedback from the tone analysis can directly lead to better customer sales calls, leading to improved sales. Our Engagement Model Our Engagement Model is designed to provide the best of our services for Tone Analysis. We discuss your business requirements to determine the scope of the project. We plan the Tone Analysis project keeping in mind your business need, our resources and timeline. We develop the project architecture and design utilizing our experience in the field. We implement the Tone Analysis project, utilizing the latest advancements in AI (Artificial Intelligence) and ML (Machine Learning). We perform testing utilizing real data for your business. We iterate, as required, till the end business goal is achieved. FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/sheFashion
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App & Website Business Use Case “She Fashion” is a personal boutique that serves as an e-commerce platform to shop or choose from various trending collections for women's wear. She Fashion is a boutique built for an Indian fashion designer to sell & market her designed staples. It provides customers to shop from multiple categories of women's style- including casual, party, summer and winter wear. 3 Weeks Technologies Used WooCommerce WordPress MySQL CSS HTML Platform BlueHost Features Product Category E-commerce - Product View Payment Gateway Order Placement Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/allagibusinessconsulting
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Website Business Use Case “Allagi Business Consulting” is a website designed and built with a mission and passion to help clients change their financial management and business practices to improve their profitability and competitive position. https://allagibusinessconsulting.com 3 Weeks Technologies Used WordPress HTML CSS MySQL Platform Bluehost Features Call to Action Service Offering Investment Business Consultation Query Platform User-Friendly Interface Customer Feedback Chris Romas CEO & Founder ALLAGI BUSINESS CONSULTING FargoWiz did a great job! They created a business consulting website for me. I drew the wireframes and FargoWiz made them come to life, plus they made adjustments that added a high degree of professionalism to site. I plan on using their services in the future. FargoWiz is a very good and reasonable company to work with---great cooperation, communication and technical skills. I am very pleased with the project as everything turned out as I envisioned! Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/sports-tech-match 
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App Business Use Case “SportsTech Match” is on a mission to connect sports with technology to drive innovation. This platform helps sports executives working in both, the business and performance side of sports, to find and acquire the right digital technology solutions to solve their problems. SportsTech Match (STM) is a B2B marketplace for sports technology products and services. The primary business for the marketplace is a subscription-based model for vendors who want to sell their tech services/products and for sports executives to connect with vendors who are looking to acquire digital technology solutions. https://www.sportstechmatch.com 6 Weeks Technologies Used React Node MySQL Platform AWS ( Amazon Cloud ) Features User-Friendly Interface User Authentication RFI Creation Vendor Profiles Vendor & RFI Creator Connectivity Vendor RFI Submission Admin Dashboard Admin RFI Approval Product Listing Provide Product Ratings Marketplace Write Reviews Customer Feedback David Fowler CEO & Founder SportsTech Match I enjoyed working with FargoWiz on our B2B marketplace website build. They are very flexible and focused on delivering an end result which the client is happy with. There was nothing that  FargoWiz was not able or willing to do, within the scope of the project, to get to the end result. Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/brandEvent
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App Business Use Case “Brand Event” is a product of Epeius Consulting, a firm that offers an easy solution to order and sell interactive ad spaces at different locations. Brand Event is a patent-pending e-commerce platform, developed specifically for exclusive property event branding, providing consumers with a location visualization and brand details, while being optimized for desktop and mobile environments. https://www.brandevent.store/ 2 Weeks Technologies Used React Node MongoDB Platform AWS (Amazon Cloud) Features Venue Location & Ad-Spacing Ad-Space as a Product Order and Vendor Management E-commerce Payment Gateway Profile Creation and Management Admin Control Panel Query Platform Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/foodServiceReviews
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App Business Use Case Food Services Reviews is a web portal where employees can rate and review their restaurant employers. It provides a review and rating web platform where employees can submit their useful review for the restaurant employers, to share their work experiences. Food Service Reviews provides the following features – 1. Employees can provide their valuable reviews to the respective managers, of a particular restaurant to share their work experiences. 2. Professionals can share their challenges, advice, and helpful resources with fellow professionals in their field. 3. Employers can get ideas, insight, and feedback from fellow employees in their respective Workspace. 5 Weeks Technologies Used React Redux Express Node MongoDB Platform AWS ( Amazon Cloud ) Features Restaurant Search Write a Review Edit/Delete Review Admin Dashboard Verify Review Provide Rating Contact Us Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/undefeatedlive
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Mobile App Business Use Case “Undefeated.Live” is a free-to-play, fan engagement and prediction game. The user has to answer 11 predictions during a game for a chance to win free cash and prizes. Users can participate in games related to NFL, NBA, NHL, PGA, and many other sports leagues. The application is designed and built keeping in mind a high-level user experience to provide an engaging platform to participate in sports contests and predict live games. The platform provides real-time features like creating and joining the sports contest, watching games, private messaging, answering questions, and winning prizes. https://www.undefeated.live https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.undefeated.mk.app&hl=en_US&gl=US https://apps.apple.com/in/app/undefeated-live/id1560463193 4 Weeks Technologies Used React Native React Redux Node MySQL Platform AWS ( Amazon Cloud ) Android iOS Features Create Contest Party Join Party Watch Party Messaging Leaderboard Questions Authentication User-Friendly Interface Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/qnaassistant
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : AI/ML Business Use Case “Speech QnA Assistant” is a speech-to-text platform that uses speech recognition technology to store people's feedback and responses to a certain set of questions. “Speech QnA Assistant” enables people to provide answers to a series of questions using their voice.The website is able to play the person’s audio, understand the voice input provided by the person, provide subsequent questions depending on the response provided by the person, and record their responses. 5 Weeks Technologies Used AI ML NLP React Redux Node MongoDB Platform AWS ( Amazon Cloud ) Features AI-Powered Assistant Interactive Design Speech-to-Text Interaction Follow-up Questions Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/pandemicreleifsupply
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App Business Use Case Pandemic Relief Supply (PRS) prioritizes supplying personal protective equipment to particularly those serving on the medical frontline. PRS is working with one of the world’s largest biotechnology firms- that applied the same revolutionary methods to treat Ebola Virus- to research a cure for COVID-19. The “Pandemic Relief Supply” marketplace prioritizes supplying personal protective equipment. with both, personal and company-specific goals to relieve the stress that COVID-19 has placed. The platform provides features like product shopping, wholesale bulk ordering, health consultation, and healthy lifestyle learning. https://www.pandemicreliefsupply.com 6 Weeks Technologies Used React Redux Node MySQL Platform AWS (Amazon Cloud) Features Consultation Call Booking Product Category and Listing E-commerce Payment Gateway Lead Management System Customer Feedback Nick Morgan PANDEMIC RELIEF SUPPLY FargoWiz was very easy to work with and willing to keep making tweaks until I was satisfied. It was great working with FargoWiz on this project. Very good communicating back and forth when questions arose and when feedback was needed. Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/vapingtexas
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : AI/ML & Website Business Use Case The “Vaping Texas” website is designed to raise awareness of the public health crisis resulting from teen vaping and e-cigarette usage An AI-powered survey assistant, integrated within the website, helps in generating surveys for youth regarding vaping and e-cigarette usage. This website has a friendly and responsive interface with graphics that provide a rich user experience to people. Vaping Texas focuses on data and statistics in the state of Texas. 3 Weeks Technologies Used AI ML NLP React HTML CSS WordPress Node MySQL Platform Bluehost GCP (Google Cloud) Features AI Chatbot Integration View Problems Plan of Action Reporting User-Friendly Interface Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/sleepmedicineassistant
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : AI/ML & Website Business Use Case Sleep Disorder Diagnosis AI Assistant is a company owned by doctors who specialize in sleep disorder treatments like insomnia, parasomnia, restless leg syndrome, narcolepsy, night terrors, and jet lag. Somnology AI Assistant helps the user diagnose their sleep issues by answering a series of questions that generates an end report with diagnostic data. The user starts by selecting a problem. Then, the AI assistant asks the user relevant questions about their condition. Based on the answers provided by the user, a potential diagnosis is generated where the user can view the following: 1. Problem 2. Symptoms 3. Potential Diagnosis https://somnologyai.com/ 7 Weeks Technologies Used AI ML NLP React Redux Node MongoDB Platform GCP (Google Cloud) Features AI-Powered Assistant View Potential Diagnosis Doctor Dashboard User Dashboard Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/simdash-launcher
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App Business Use Case “Simdash launcher“ is a desktop application created to distribute and update windows builds of the Simdash VR Apps. Users can access a list of available apps and manage multiple apps through the SimDash Launcher app. Simdash launcher users can download the latest app version, update existing app versions, launch the apps, and configure the app paths directly within the app. The admin update the app versions from the SimDash web portal which are later reflected on the SimDash launcher app. One of the standout features of the SimDash App is that users have the capability to download both new and previous versions of apps. 3 Weeks Technologies Used Electron.js React.JS Node.js Express.js MongoDB Platform GCP (Google Cloud) Features Download New Versions of App Download Previous Versions of App Configure App Installation Paths Upgrade existing app version Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/biharelectiontrends
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Mobile App Business Use Case “Bihar Election Trends” application is designed to showcase the popularity of the candidates and parties involved in the elections conducted in Bihar. The application enables voters to view the election trends for any Bihar constituency and show their support towards candidates to make them popular. 3 Weeks Technologies Used React Native Node MongoDB Platform Android Features Election Trends Candidate Support and Popularity Candidate Voting User-Friendly Interface Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/nepaliwithnisha
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Mobile App Business Use Case “Nepali with Nisha'' helps you learn and pronounce the Nepali language in an easy and enjoyable manner. This platform is a language-learning platform built with an aesthetic design for people who want to learn Nepali. It has a virtual mentor that helps in practicing pronunciation along with images to visualize and learn Nepali words. https://apps.apple.com/us/app/nepali-with-nisha/id1535364576 4 Weeks Technologies Used React Native Redux Node MySQL Platform iOS Features Virtual Mentor Word Pronunciation Pictoword Lessons Sentence Translations User-Friendly Interface Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/dontwaitmovie
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Website Business Use Case "Don’t Wait" is a story of a terminally ill man “Michael Schmid” and a stand-up comedian “Lisa Alvarado” who form an unlikely friendship. Lisa helps Michael fulfill his dying wish- going out on a laugh. This platform was made to showcase this documentary to people about the healing power of comedy and love. 3 Weeks Technologies Used WordPress HTML CSS MySQL Platform GoDaddy Features Watch Movie Subscription and Donation E-commerce User-Friendly Interface Customer Feedback Sarah LaSpisa CEO & Founder DON’T WAIT MOVIE It was great working with FargoWiz, they provided some good suggestion and completed the work on time. Thanks for the splendid work. Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/findYourDoctor
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Mobile App Business Use Case Online doctor consultations enable consumers to obtain the right health care. With “Find Your Doctor”, users can filter doctor specialties and reach out to the right doctor for a personalized consultation. The user can also search by location and find the nearest doctors available to provide consultancy. Through this application, specialist doctors can create their profile and upload videos related to their area of expertise. Users can then consult specialty doctors that are available 24x7 at affordable rates. 2 Weeks Technologies Used React Native Node MySQL Platform AWS (Amazon Cloud) Android iOS Features Filter Speciality Videos Creation Search Location Ratings & Reviews Admin Dashboard Profile Creation Authentication Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/kmk
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App Business Use Case Kids Meeting Kids, is a web portal focused on setting up play dates for children. It is a platform where we encourage parents to expand their child's friendship circle and coordinate able-bodied and disabled children to form meaningful friendships. This innovative platform reimagines the way parents nurture their children's social growth. Kids Meeting Kids empowers parents to seamlessly organize and schedule meetups and play dates based on their child's age, hobbies, interests, and location. We have created a space that fosters meaningful connections and memorable experiences for young minds. https://kmkdevelopment-398406.uc.r.appspot.com/ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.realornot.app https://apps.apple.com/app/real-or-not-by-authenticatepro/id1616790263 12 Weeks Technologies Used ReactJs Redux Node.JS Express.JS MongoDB Platform GCP (Google Cloud) Features Matching Profile Search Accept/Deny Requests Private Messaging Schedule Meetups Track Meetups Profile Management Stripe Integration Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/homeRepairBusiness
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Website Business Use Case “Home Repair Business “ website is aesthetically crafted with a beautiful design to improve the business reach and maximize client engagement. It showcases the company's foundation repair services, customers, testimonials, and past work information. 2 Weeks Technologies Used WordPress HTML CSS MySQL Platform BlueHost Features Call to Action Online Consultation Foundation Repair Construction Service Offering User-Friendly Interface Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/simdash
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Web App Business Use Case “SimDash” is a learner analytics web application for medical educators who want to track and assess student performance through virtual simulations and training exercises. The Platform utilizes dashboards, graphs, and tables to display the assessment results on the portal. SimDash can be seamlessly integrated with learning platforms to ensure learners' progress is captured at a single location. It allows the admin to send invitation requests to organizations to join the platform. Organizations can create groups and utilize the platform to take their member's assessments. https://simdash.xyz/ 3 Weeks Technologies Used React Redux Node Platform GCP (Google Cloud) Features Health Assessment Graphical Visualization Assessment Scores Group Creation Platform Invitation Organization Dashboard Group Management User Management Authentication Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/damon
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Mobile App Business Use Case “Damon’s Brave New World” is a mobile application that hosts an online space quiz. This is an initiative to generate awareness among children about space through the medium of a quiz. The quiz will rank participants based on their answers. The aim is to generate curiosity among the participants and help them explore more about our outer space . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.damon.brave https://apps.apple.com/app/damons-brave-new-world-app/id1592112577 3 Weeks Technologies Used Ionic-react Node MongoDB Platform GCP (Google Cloud) Android iOS Features Space Quiz Ranking Guide Watch Videos Explore Query Platform Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/textme.bet
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Mobile App Business Use Case “Textme.Bet” is a custom betting application that allows users to bet on any game with their friends and other fellow games. This is the ultimate “friend versus friend” betting app, created purely to have fun. No real money is transferred through the Textme.Bet application. The application engages customers with a fully managed, fully hosted free-to-play game solution. Users can participate in social betting by creating a contest party, which will include a set number of players, private or group messaging, a leaderboard to show the winning percentage of the participants, a Q&A section, and an Awards section. On joining this party, a user can simply choose to watch the party and even opt for betting and messaging fellow team members. http://www.textme.bet https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.textme.mk.app&hl=lt&gl=US https://apps.apple.com/us/app/textme-bet/id1524660435 4 Weeks Technologies Used React Native React Node Redux MySQL Platform AWS ( Amazon Cloud ) Android iOS Features Social Betting Contest Party Watch Party Private and Group Messaging Leaderboard Authentication User-Friendly Interface Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/googolIT
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : AI/ML & Website Business Use Case “GOOGOL IT” is created with a simplistic design to provide a great user experience. The company aims to use this website to showcase their expertise in financial, automotive, medical, and other industries. To provide real-time interaction to clients, the website is integrated with an AI-powered assistant. https://googol-it.com 3 Weeks Technologies Used AI ML NLP WordPress React HTML CSS Node MySQL Platform Smarter ASP.Net GCP (Google Cloud) Features AI- Powered Assistant Call to Action User-Friendly Interface Easy Navigation Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/medicalPractice
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : AI/ML & Website Business Use Case “Medical Practice” is built with simplicity and designed with a clean interface to provide patients with maximum information. The website is integrated with an AI-powered assistant who allows patients to book an appointment, and get relevant information about the clinic, staff, services, and insurance plans. 3 Weeks Technologies Used AI ML NLP React Node WordPress MySQL HTML CSS Platform GCP (Google Cloud) Bluehost Features AI-Powered Assistant Insurance Plans Appointment Booking System User-Friendly Interface Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/customer-projects/knightauthor
menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact All Mobile App Web App Website AI / ML Category : Website Business Use Case “Knight Author” is created to depict the love of writing fiction. This kids-friendly writing platform is built with a simplistic design and stores collections of different genres of stories, poems, hand-drawn comics, recipes, and much more. https://knightauthor.com 1 Week Technologies Used WordPress HTML CSS MySQL Platform Bluehost Features User-Friendly Interface Kid Friendly Writing Collection of Stories & Recipes Easy Navigation Do you want to convert your Idea into reality? Request Quote FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/graphics-design-services/portfolio/mobile
FargoWiz | Portfolio menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Graphics Design Portfolio All Categories Website Graphics Mobile Graphics Dashboard Graphics Logos Videos Social Media Work-Frog Banking App Yoga App Smart Home Translator App FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/graphics-design-services/portfolio/logos
FargoWiz | Portfolio menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Graphics Design Portfolio All Categories Website Graphics Mobile Graphics Dashboard Graphics Logos Videos Social Media CogniAIm Logo FargoWiz Logo Googol-IT Logo Vaping Texas Logo Bursting Through Logo Knight Author Logo Computech Logo FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

URL: https://www.fargowiz.com/graphics-design-services/portfolio/social
FargoWiz | Portfolio menu home Home language Web arrow_drop_down Website Web App phone_iphone Mobile ac_unit AI & ML arrow_drop_down AI & Machine Learning AI Assistants & Chatbots Predictive Analytics Tone Analysis Sentiment Analysis Natural Language Processing Image Recognition cloud_done Cloud grain Branding arrow_drop_down Branding Services Graphic Design Portfolio group Customers rate_review Blog account_circle About Us arrow_drop_down About Contact Graphics Design Portfolio All Categories Website Graphics Mobile Graphics Dashboard Graphics Logos Videos Social Media CogniAIm Blog Page FargoWiz Blog Page LinkedIn Page Twitter Page Facebook Page FargoWiz Ltd Company is a PA, US-based software development and consulting company. We specialize in custom software development with cutting edge technology and platforms. email contact@fargowiz.com phone_android (+1) 408-502-6736 location_on FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY 606 Liberty Avenue, 3rd Floor, Suite #107 Pittsburgh, PA 15222 © 2022 FARGOWIZ LTD COMPANY. All rights reserved.

